
T -> An advantage of oral messages is that they can be transmitted quickly.

T -> An advantage of a written message is that it is a permanent record that may have legal value

T -> Secondary purposes support the main idea in a written message.

F -> Memos may have an internal or external audience.

F -> The traditional outline method works well when generating ideas and determining how they relate to one another

T -> Changing writing methods can help overcome writer's block.

F -> Research represents the most common Internet application.

T -> A distribution list may be used when multiple receivers are sent the same e-mail message.

T -> Blogs are more conversational in tone than a business letter.

T -> A user-friendly web design and effective navigation enhance the credibility of a website.

F -> The first step in developing a business message is to draft the message.

T -> Message purposes should be established within the framework of the four business communication goals.

F -> Writers should use the "more is better" principle when selecting the number and variety of word processing emphasis techniques to use in print and e-mail messages.

F -> Revising and editing are different names for the same process.

F -> Grammar and spelling errors need not be corrected in business messages sent via e-mail.

T -> Proofreading is done before and after revising and editing.

T -> Business e-mail should be developed using the same three-step plan as other messages.

F -> E-mail is so popular because it affords a high degree of privacy.

F -> A grammar checker detects and corrects grammar and punctuation errors.

T -> A message with long words and sentences may have a high readability level even if the words are familiar and the sentences are easy to understand.

T -> All computer programs are not compatible when it comes to attachments, and some e-mail programs don't support multiple attachments.

F -> Use emoticons in business e-mail to give personality to your messages.

T -> The most important information in an e-mail should be the opening sentence or paragraph.

F -> If you inadvertently send an e-mail before you are ready, it is easy to retrieve or cancel the e-mail.

F -> Format and style of a message vary with the audience.

T -> The revision stage allows the writer to make changes that add strength and distinctiveness to the message.

F -> A thesaurus suggests alternatives or antonyms for words in a message.

T -> Readability formulas assess the sentence length, complexity of sentence structure, and the number of syllables or characters in words.

F -> The "cc" feature of e-mail is used to ensure receivers' e-mail addresses are not made public.

F -> Websites need regular maintenance; at a minimum, semi-annual updates to a website should be made.

A -> The four areas in which you analyze the receiver of a message are
a. knowledge, interests, attitudes, and emotional reaction.
b. knowledge, interests, attitudes, and gender.
c. knowledge, interests, emotional reaction, and age.
d. knowledge, interests, emotional reaction, and culture.

D -> Which of the following is the three-step process for developing business messages?
a. Analyze receiver and situation, select organizational plan, and compose message content.
b. Determine purposes, analyze receiver and situation, and compose message content.
c. Plan, compose, proofread.
d. Plan, draft, finalize.

A -> Which of the following is NOT part of the planning process?
a. Apply the principles of business communication.
b. Establish purposes.
c. Outline the message content.
d. Select the organizational plan.

D -> The best organizational plan and best type of message for persuading someone to donate to a community project that feeds the homeless is a(n)
a. direct, oral message.
b. direct, written message.
c. indirect, oral message.
d. indirect, written message.

C -> Which of the following is NOT a step in the proofreading process?
a. Pay special attention to names, numbers, and unusual words.
b. Read the material once for content, once for mechanics.
c. Read the material to a colleague bottom to top.
d. Use your word processing software spell checker to check for spelling errors.

B -> The revising process includes all but which one of the following?
a. Checking to see that business communication principles have been applied
b. Determining whether the message is mechanically correct
c. Thinking about the visual image the message creates
d. Verifying the content for accuracy and completeness

D -> Which of the following is an appropriate situation in which to use e-mail?
a. Cancellation of a meeting scheduled for this afternoon
b. Discussion of a job performance evaluation
c. Negotiation of a salary increase
d. Reminder of an upcoming deadline for budget submissions

B -> An advantage of an oral message is that it
a. accommodates lengthy and complex content.
b. allows for immediate feedback.
c. can have legal value.
d. provides a permanent record.

C -> Which of the following is the best subject line for an e-mail message?
a. Budget Request
b. Budget Request and Performance Appraisal Due 
c. Budget Request Due February 15
d. FW: RE: FW: FW: Budget Request

A -> Which of the following statements about instant messaging is NOT true?
a. A professional tone with no slang is a hallmark of instant messaging.
b. The content of an instant message should be limited to one or two thoughts.
c. The message length is limited.
d. The most-used feature of instant messaging is the "away" message alert.

F -> The impression a message makes is based solely on its content.

T -> A letter may be used for formal communication between an organization and its employees.

F -> 06/03/2011 is an acceptable format for the date in a letter from an organization to one of its customers..

F -> Letterhead stationery should be used for all pages of a letter.

T -> The complimentary close Respectfully is too formal to use with the salutation Dear Rob.

F -> Addressee and delivery notations are placed on an envelope, but not on a letter.

T -> A subject line is considered part of the letter body.

F -> The trend in business writing is to place the receiver's name in an attention line rather than keying it as the first line of the inside address.

T -> An enclosure notation alerts the receiver that something has been included with the letter.

F -> The notation bcc stands for business courtesy copy.

T -> A postscript may be keyed or handwritten.

F -> Mixed punctuation means the salutation is followed by a colon, and the complimentary close has no punctuation.

T -> In a personal business letter, the date is keyed directly below the writer's return address.

F -> Although the language in which a letter is written may vary from country to country, the formats used for letter are standard worldwide

F -> REGISTERED MAIL is an addressee notation.

T -> The spacing used for the body of a memo is the same as that used in a full-block letter.

T -> Using a greeting before and a signature after the text of an e-mail message is a function of style, not a format requirement.

F -> The difference between executive letterhead stationery and standard letterhead stationery is the quality of the paper.

T -> Organizations select 20-pound bond for letterhead stationery not only because it looks good but also because it is durable.

T -> The color and quality of the paper used for an envelope should match that used for the letter

B -> Which of the following items is not considered to be a standard letter part?
a. Complimentary close
b. Enclosure notation
c. Heading
d. Reference initials

D -> Which of the following date displays is correct for a business letter?
a. 03/06/2011
b. 12 Oct. 2011
c. 2011 January 07
d. May 16, 2011

C -> Which of the following statements about letterhead stationery is incorrect?
a. It should not extend beyond the top two inches of the page. 
b. It may be professionally printed or created with computer software and a printer.
c. Only contact information should be included in a letterhead.
d. Some letterhead information can be printed at the bottom of the sheet.

C -> Ruthann Rodgers is writing a personal business letter to her bank. Which of the following represents the correct format for the heading of her letter?
a. August 6, 2011
1234 Avenue C
Denver, CO 75926-3882
b. Ruthann Rodgers
1234 Avenue C
Denver, CO 75926-3882
August 6, 2011
c. 1234 Avenue C
Denver, CO 75926-3882
August 6, 2011
d. August 6, 2011
Ruthann Rodgers
1234 Avenue C
Denver, CO 75926-3882

A -> When a message extends to two or more pages, 
a. key the receiver's name, the page number, and the date starting one inch from the top edge of the paper.
b. place the heading items two inches from the top of the sheet.
c. the text begins on line 7.
d. repeat the inside address and the date as shown on the first page of the document.
e. use letterhead, and place the date two inches form the top edge of the paper.

B -> If less than a full paragraph of letter text can be carried to a continuation page, the writer should:
a. choose a larger font and use wider margins.
b. revise the message to fit on one page.
c. select a smaller font.
d. use narrower margins.

A -> A writer may use street abbreviations (e.g., St. for Street) within an inside address when:
a. abbreviating the word will create a balanced display.
b. correspondence from the receiver uses such abbreviations.
c. the writer is confident the receiver will understand the abbreviation. 
d. the writer is in a hurry.

C -> Which of the following salutations works best in a letter addressed to the attention of Barb Colby, the Marketing Manager at Jeckyl Manufacturing Company? 
a. Dear Barb:
b. Dear Ms. Colby:
c. Ladies and Gentlemen:
d. To Whom it May Concern:

A -> Margo Clark keyed a letter written by Bill Ramkin and signed by D'Wayne Bullock. Which of the following sets of reference initials best represents this situation?
a. BR:mc
b. DB/mc
c. DB/BR:mc
d. mc

D -> The letter format in which a subject line is standard rather than supplementary is the:
a. full block format.
b. modified block format.
c. modified block format with indented paragraphs.
d. simplified format.

T -> With technology, collaborative writing may occur as an interactive or an independent act.

F -> Ethics are binding rules of conduct enforceable by a governing agency.

T -> Advances in technology allow individuals to self-select what, when, and where electronic messages are sent and received.

T -> Facebook, LinkedIn, and Ning are examples of social network sites

T -> Organizations and businesses, as well as individuals, use blogs and wikis.

F -> RSS feeds mean a published list of websites.

T -> Hoteling provides alternative office space for mobile workers and provides computer connections and phone service.

T -> Google is a search engine that offers tools and special services for individuals and businesses.

T -> BlackBerry, Treo, and iPhone are mobile phones that can connect to the Internet.

F -> Tweeting is a term for sending messages on MySpace.

F -> Monitoring of e-mail by private employers is not allowed because e-mail is private and such monitoring is an invasion of privacy.

T -> The primary purpose of a wiki is collaborative editing and writing.

T -> Inappropriate use of e-mail or the Internet at work not only affects productivity but also may create a legal issue or result in loss of the employee's job.

F -> Once e-mail messages or other computer files are deleted, they cannot be retrieved.

T -> Copyright is a legal protection for the author or owner of written work, art, music, photographs, multimedia, and computer software that controls reproduction, distribution, and sale of copyrighted work.

F -> If you don't see the copyright symbol or the word Copyright followed by the year, you can be certain the material is free of copyright.

F -> Unsolicited telephone calls to a person on a no-call list are unethical but not illegal.

T -> Plagiarism is using someone else's ideas or original works and not giving credit to the source.

T -> Employees should treat e-mail, voice-mail, and other electronic messages that they send as if they will be public knowledge.

T -> A federal electronic signature law endorsed contractual arrangements through electronic signatures logically associated with a record and encrypted for privacy.

T -> Search engines may offer selection choices from broad topic categories before entering a term for a specific search.

F -> Fair use means that only the owner of original works of authorship can use them.

T -> An enforceable contract may result from a letter or signed notes on a napkin if it has these elements: offer and acceptance, competency of parties, legality of subject matter, and consideration (money, motive, or promise exchanged).

F -> The Civil Rights Act prohibits discrimination in employment for race, color, religion, and physical challenge.

T -> A bona fide occupational qualification (BFOQ) is an essential job function that can legally be required for hiring of applicants.

A -> Which of the following is NOT a requirement of a valid contract?
a. written on a contract form c. offer and acceptance
b. competency of parties d. legal subject matter

C -> What law protects the right of employees to access information about themselves.
a. Fair Credit Billing Act c. Privacy Act
b. Federal Truth-in-Lending Act d. Fair Debt Collection Act

B -> What law prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, or national origin when hiring, firing, compensating, or applying other employment conditions?
a. Americans with Disabilities Act c. Privacy Act
b. Civil Rights Act d. Federal Ethical Management Act

D -> What law gives employees the right of access to information about themselves?
a. The Civil Rights Act c. Labor-Management Relations Act
b. FERPA d. Privacy Act

A -> 5. A bona fide occupational qualification means 
a. an essential function of the job c. disability accommodations are not required
b. a method of evaluating employees d. a, b, and c

D -> False statements, either written or oral, that injure the reputation or character of another person but cause no monetary camages are called
a. false warranties c. libel
b. fraud d. defamation

D -> Which condition is NOT a condition to prove fraud?
a. spoken words c. deceit that causes monetary damage
b. concealment of a material fact d. accidental misrepresentation

B -> Federal law requires manufacturers and sellers to stand behind a purchase of a major product. A promise made willingly by the seller is called an
a. Universal law c. Uniform warranty
b. Express warranty d. Implied warranty

D -> Which of the following are means of acquainting employees with organizational policies on the use of e-mail, Internet, and other company resources?
a. employee handbook c. Organizational website
b. statement of the policy signed by employees d. a, b, and c

C -> Fraud is not committed unless this condition is present
a. a Code of Conduct is violated. c. Misrepresentation with intent to deceive.
b. No family relationship exists between the two parties. d. A person's reputation is injured with no monetary damage.

T -> Outsourcing moves part or all of the business processes to a service provider..

T -> Cultural background affects how individuals communicate and how they interpret messages from others.

F -> An understanding of cultures recognizes that cultural backgrounds and experiences influence behavior and communication so it is important to learn certain characteristics of different cultures and apply that to all persons in a particular culture.

F -> People in high-context cultures place high value on productivity and direct communication.

F -> Although there are many language differences throughout the world, nonverbal signals are basically the same.

F -> The friendly, outgoing competitive, informal American primarily uses the indirect plan of business communication and may not be well received in Asian countries.

T -> Some English words may have different meanings in different countries although the native language in these countries may be English.

T -> Ethnocentrism is the inherent belief that one's own cultural values and traditions are correct and superior to other cultures.

F -> English is the primary language used in conducting multinational business; therefore, current global marketing strategies shape their products and their Web sites to appeal only to the countries where English is the native language.

F -> Only women can be victims of sexual harassment.

T -> Both genders bring strength to the workplace; but, in general, women in the United States tend to use language to create connections and relationships more than men do.

F -> Quid pro quo is a term used to describe different cultural beliefs.

T -> Some words and phrases are difficult to translate from one language to another.

F -> Learning about.other cultures lets you categorize individual persons by their culture and know their beliefs and preferences.

T -> In general, Asian cultural background has favored an indirect style of communication.

T -> A global supply chain is a system of moving products or services from supplier to consumers by outsourcing part of the ssupply system to resources from other countries.

F -> Computer translation software can be used to translate languages; therefore, translators are no longer required to communicate between two languages.

F -> Low-context countries generally take a long-term view of time.

T -> Guidelines for successful business communication in a multinational and global society is to review communication principles, analyze the message receiver, be open to and accepting of other cultures, learn about other cultures and apply what you learn, and consider language needs.

T -> Gender and age are two of five core cultural dimensions.

A -> Five generally recognized core cultural dimensions are
a. ethnicity, race, gender, age, and physical challenge. c. English, German, Scandinavian, French, and Japanese.
b. corporate, multicultural, language, ethnicity, and global. d. friends, colleagues, employers, employees, and family.

D -> In Germany business communication generally requires that business transactions
a. begin with small talk. c. rely on informal relationships and. understandings
b. are indirectly discussed. d. focuses on getting the job done..

A -> The primary business language, even in countries for which English is the second language, is 
a. English c. French
b. indirect d. Spanish

D -> Examples of communication challenges in a global environment are
a. Not understanding cultural differences c. Words that have different meanings and connotations and different language patterns for parts of speech 
b. Differences in time d. a, b, and c

B -> Cultural barriers that prohibit effective multicultural communication include
a. cultural relativism, ethnocentrism, and lack of global experience. c. quid pro quo, high-context culture, and the acceptance of the needs of others.
b. Discrimination and harrassment, language, cultural relativism, and ethnocentrism. d. stereotypes, hostile environment, and a common business language.

A -> Global communication challenges include
a. variations in time, holidays, days in a workweek, and language. c. lack of understanding of other cultures and placing a high value on mutual understanding.
b. direct and indirect communication styles, belief that there is more than one right way, and shared meanings. d. productivity and favorable relationships.

B -> Countries with a general preference for indirect communication are likely also to
a. value individualism. c. place a higher value on words than shared background.
b. value family and group authority. d. favor structured messages with technical details.

D -> Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of language variations?
a. Translation of slogans may have different meanings. c. The use and arrangement of parts of speech vary in different languages.
b. Words such as "gift" may have a different meaning. d. Nonverbal signals are the same or similar in different countries; for example, a smile is a smile.

C -> The belief that your own cultural traditions and values are correct and superior is
a. cultural relativism. c. ethnocentrism.
b. a stereotype. d. quid pro quo.

C -> Strategies for effective global communication include
a. communicating by telephone instead of e-mail or postal mail. c. learning about other cultures and applying what you learn.
b. using a translator when speaking to a person whose English is a second language. d. avoiding use of any words in a language other than your own to avoid being incorrect.

F -> Effective external communication has a greater impact on an organization's success than effective internal communication.

F -> The sender and receiver have equal responsibility for achieving the goals of business communication

T -> The most important goal of business communication is that the receiver understands the message as the sender intends.

T -> Citing receiver benefits in a message not only fosters a favorable relationship between the sender and the receiver but also demonstrates use of the you-viewpoint.

F -> LMN Clothing sent a letter to its credit card customers to give them advance notice of an upcoming sale. Harry Pasco received the letter, read it, and gave it to his neighbor; however, Harry did not shop at LMN during the sale. Harry's action means that LMN has achieved the goal of favorable response.

T -> To establish a favorable relationship, the message sender and receiver should relate to each other positively, personally, and professionally.

T -> Employees help to establish and maintain organizational goodwill by communicating positively about the company's products, services, and personnel.

F -> An individual's status within an organization has no affect on the communication process.

T -> Serial communication may follow a horizontal path as well as a vertical path.

T -> Efforts to suppress an organization's open, honest, complete grapevine communication can lead to low employee morale.

F -> Jackie Parcel works for Hamilton State Bank in Joplin, Missouri. When Jackie communicates with Rick Spliker, a representative of the Federal Reserve Bank in St. Louis, she is engaging in internal communication.

F -> The components of the communication process model are sender, receiver, you-viewpoint, and communication barriers.

T -> Office politics may be positive or negative.

T -> As part of the communication process, the sender must encourage feedback and the receiver must provide feedback.

F -> The two main types of communication are written and verbal.

T -> A sender can initiate a message with written words, spoken words, or gestures.

F -> Analyzing a receiver's knowledge will assist a writer in deciding whether to use the direct or indirect plan when organizing a message.

F -> Using the you-viewpoint means eliminating writer-centered words from a message.

T -> When speakers use connotative words, they risk having the receiver infer a meaning different from what was intended.

F -> A sender's credibility is based solely on the content of his or her message.

D -> Unlike journalistic or creative writing, business writing is:
a. brief.
b. structured.
c. topical.
d. transactional.

C -> It was nearly 2 a.m. when Jaynell Washington arrived at her hotel; she was tired and hungry. When she asked the desk clerk how to get to the hotel coffee shop, she was told it was closed. Disappointed, she went to her room. About 15 minutes later, the desk clerk arrived at Jaynell's room with a plate of cheese and fresh fruit. The clerk refused the tip Jaynell offered, and no food charge was added to her bill. By doing more than was expected, the desk clerk helped achieve the business communication goal of:
a. receiver understanding. 
b. receiver response.
c. favorable relationship.
d. organizational goodwill.

D -> A communicator's status within an organization has the greatest influence in:
a. grapevine communication.
b. horizontal communication.
c. network communication.
d. vertical communication.

C -> Which of the following terms best describes the grapevine as a communication pattern?
a. Diagonal
b. Informal
c. Serial
d. Verbal

E -> Tasha Gibbs, a clerk at Memories and More, must notify Alec Preble that the crystal vase he special ordered as a gift for his grandmother on her 70th birthday arrived with a crack in the base. Tasha has ordered a replacement vase, but it won't be delivered before Alec leaves for Grandma Preble's party. What method should Tasha use to convey her message?
a. E-mail
b. Face-to-face meeting
c. Letter
d. Memo
e. Telephone call

C -> A receiver's concerns and needs are considered in which element of audience analysis?
a. Attitudes
b. Emotional Reaction
c. Interests
d. Knowledge

A -> Culture should be considered as part of which audience analysis element?
a. Attitudes
b. Emotional Reaction
c. Interests
d. Knowledge

C -> Which of the following sentences best reflects the you-viewpoint?
a. Bank with RiverCity Bank, the friendliest bank in town!
b. Make RiverCity Bank your bank.
c. To get the service you need and the respect you deserve, bank with River City Bank.
d. You'll like RiverCity Bank's location and services.

D -> Which of the following is NOT a formal message?
a. A company's web page.
b. An e-mail announcing a new health-care benefit for employees.
c. The CEO speaking to employees at a company meeting. 
d. Two employees discussing job sharing while at the company holiday party.

B -> The phrase "talking a mile a minute" is an example of a/an:
a. denotation.
b. idiom.
c. inference.
d. metaphor.

T -> The two most valuable resources for the business communicator are a dictionary and a thesaurus

F -> A specialized dictionary is one that shows special symbols for word pronounciation.

F -> The primary criterion for an understandable word choice for a message is to choose a word that the sender understands.

T -> Technical words are terms with a special meaning in a particular field.

F -> Vague or abstract words are indefinite words, but they have a specific meaning that is the same for each receiver of the message.

F -> An obsolete word is one that is overused in normal conversation or messages and has lost its effectiveness.

T -> Sentence unity comes from limiting content to one main idea.

F -> Long sentences are more effective than short sentences because you can cover more thoughts in one sentence.

F -> Passive voice is preferred in business messages because they avoid use of first-person pronouns.

T -> One way to emphasize an idea is to tell the receiver what is important.

T -> A long sentence in a business letter is 30 words or longer.

T -> In some situations negative words can be used for emphasis.

F -> There is no place in business messages for weak words.

F -> A strong word will be either an adjective or adverb because both are descriptive words.

F -> Obsolete words sound formal and, therefore, are appropriate in formal but not informal business communication.

F -> Short sentences are understandable, so your writing should only use sentences with no more than 20 words.

F -> When using sentence structure to give ideas emphasis, place the most important ideas in the dependent clauses.

T -> Repeating key words in sentences is a way of giving emphasis to the ideas represented by those words.

F -> Diversity has become widely recognized in business; therefore, the use of unbiased language is no longer an essential consideration in the composition of business messages.

T -> Generally, the direct plan of paragraph organization is recommended for good news or neutral news.

A -> Which words are examples of obsolete words?
a. enclosed herewith c. bottom line
b. get over it d. unhappy

C -> A sentence in a paragraph that helps your receiver move from one aspect of the subject to another is called a
a. contrasting sentence c. tie-in sentence
b. unified sentence d. structural sentence

B -> Of the following sentences, which would be unbiased?
a. The white teacher spoke to the inner-city youths. c. The Jewish lady moved into an upscale townhouse in Manhatten.
b. Mrs. Smith talked with the students about the difficulties experienced by single-parent families. d. Mr. Brown, 85, spent Thanksgiving with his family.

C -> Composing with style means
a. using formal language. c. using clear, concise words that convey your personality.
b. using unusual words. d. using language that creates a sense of mystery for the reader.

C -> Which of the words below is most likely to be understood for a middle-level receiver?
a. hermetic c. enjoyment
b. hilarity d. heuristic

C -> The words that communicate best are usually those that are
a. words that you know best c. words slightly below your receiver's vocabulary level
b. words that will increase the receiver's vocabulary because he or she will need to check a dictionary for the meaning. d. words slightly above your receiver's vocabulary level

D -> Which of the following sentences lacks agreement of subject and verb?
a. The fifth grade class has recess at 10 a.m. c. Martina or her children were always at home on Saturdays.
b. Mary and Janice go to the grocery each day. d. Each year supervisors reminds their staff of Internet-use policies.

C -> A sentence structure that allows one idea to be emphasized and one idea to be de-emphasized is the 
a. simple sentence c. complex sentence
b. short sentence d. compound sentence

D -> Which of the following words is not a transitional word or phrase?
a. second c. for example
b. finally d. readily

B -> Which one of the following incorrect sentences lacks parallelism?
a. Managing the store, practicing violin, and attending classes keeps Mary busy. c. Jane Harris, who lives in Martinville, sings in their community choir each year.
b. Leave your practice problems on the desk, your homework should be completed, and be ready for tomorrow's test.. d. Marsha, John, and Milton take a bicycle ride each evening.

F -> In oral communication, what you say is more important than how you say it.

F -> While voice pitch can be used effectively for emphasis, voice volume refers simply to being heard by others.

T -> Storytelling is used to communicate information and enhance the oral communication process.

T -> Both speed and volume can be used to emphasize parts of your message.

T -> The tone with which a message is spoken can affect the way a receiver interprets that message.

F -> Enunciation and pronunciation are used interchangeably when discussing how to use your voice effectively..

T -> Purpose statements should be phrased in terms of the desired result or outcome.

F -> Although a lack of confidence on your part will cause you discomfort, it will not particularly bother your audience.

T -> Thorough preparation helps to build a speaker's confidence.

T -> Making eye contact with your receiver(s) is one way to project confidence.

T -> You can exhibit friendliness by showing a genuine interest in the feedback your audience provides.

T -> Your personal appearance is an important part of the total communication environment.

T -> The overall organizational framework for a presentation is (1) opening, (2) body, and (3) closing.

T -> For most business oral presentations, it is best to use the extemporaneous delivery technique.

T -> It is possible to indicate comparisons and contrasts with voice pitch.

F -> It is not necessary for a speaker to identify each main point in the body of the presentation; the audience will know by the tone and volume of the speaker's voice.

T -> The closing of a presentation may be a summary of the main points in the presentation or specific what you would like the audience to do.

F -> Rehearsing a presentation will make it sound and look "canned."

T -> Storytelling is used to inform, to stimulate imagination, and to build community.

F -> To impress an audience, use jargon, acronyms, and highly technical terms.

T -> Effective communicators can evaluate nonverbal feedback from their audience while they are presenting their material.

T -> The topic and objective of your presentation will determine the organizational pattern used.

F -> Platform microphones are the most restrictive; handheld microphones are the least restrictive.

T -> Moderators of web conferences, in addition to having some of the same responsibilities as an emcee, are responsible for some of the technical aspects of the event.

F -> A team presentation should be viewed as a series of mini-presentations equal to the number of people on the team.

T -> Participants in a radio interview have to rely entirely on voice and words to convey the message to the audience.

T -> The causal organizational pattern is used in presentations where the speaker is attempting to persuade the audience.

F -> Speaking with too little confidence to a large group is called nervousness.

F -> A presentation typically has five to seven main points.

F -> Presentation aids are designed to increase comprehension and to entertain the audience.

A -> Pitch refers to the
a. highness or lowness of your voice.
b. strength of your voice.
c. timbre of your voice.
d. volume of your voice.

B -> A manuscript speech
a. allows the speaker to maintain good eye contact with the audience.
b. is used only when precise wording is required.
c. is usually made up of short conversational sentences.
d. will be received well by the audience because there was ample time to prepare the speech and refine the gestures used in the presentation.

D -> When preparing a presentation, it is not necessary to include 
a. materials related to your main idea.
b. materials that include background materials.
c. materials that support your main idea.
d. materials to use in the question-and-answer period.

B -> Rebekah Anspach has just been assigned the task of making an oral presentation to the budget committee of the company she joined three months ago. The first thing Rebekah should do is 
a. analyze the audience.
b. determine the purpose of the presentation.
c. draft an outline.
d. gather supporting data.

C -> Which of the following is NOT a reason for mispronouncing a word?
a. People you hear using the word pronounce it incorrectly.
b. The dictionary was not consulted for the correct pronunciation of unfamiliar words.
c. The speaker talks too fast and doesn't take care to verify that he or she is saying the word correctly.
d. The words are unfamiliar.

A -> Which of the following is a disadvantage of an impromptu presentation?
a. Increase use of verbal fillers
b. Large degree of eye contact
c. Natural feel of delivery
d. Opportunity to respond to audience feedback

B -> What organizational plan would be best for an oral presentation in which a person is being introduced to an audience?
a. Causal
b. Direct or indirect
c. Problem and solution
d. Topical

C -> If you have prepared a packet of information to share with those attending your presentation, you should
a. distribute the packet as part of your opening so members can take notes as you speak.
b. distribute the packet as the audience enters so members can read the materials while waiting for you to begin.
c. tell the audience early in the presentation that the materials will be available following the presentation.
d. withhold information about the packet until you are ready to distribute it.

D -> Bolsa Industries is implementing a new insurance program, and Thuy Nguyen has been assigned the task of explaining the plan to employees. During the question-and-answer session, one of the attendees incorporates a negative remark about the plan into his question. In responding, Thuy should
a. acknowledge the remark but indicate that he prefers questions without comments.
b. answer the question but use facial expressions to show the questioner that he doesn't appreciate the negative tone.
c. go directly to the next question without responding to the negative individual.
d. rephrase the question then answer it.

C -> When introducing the people seated at a head table, an emcee should
a. alternate right to left from the center out.
b. begin with the main speaker, then others based on status.
c. move from his/her far right to center, then far left to center.
d. use alphabetic sequence.

T -> A persuasive message is a communication in which you try to change the opinion of the message's receiver.

T -> The fault is disputable in a special claims message.

T -> A sales message is the most common persuasive message in external communication.

F -> "More is better" when using numbers, facts, and testimonials as proof of benefits; it will increase the receiver's interest in your message.

T -> Persuasive messages will be viewed as neither positive nor negative by the receiver.

T -> A harsh reminder may alienate the customer who intended to pay on time.

F -> The desire section of an indirect plan for persuasion asks the receiver to take immediate action.

T -> A simple request should use the direct approach, but a complex request should use an indirect approach.

T -> The indirect plan is used to put the receiver in the proper frame of mind to accept information that might be objectionable.

T -> Recommendations can be submitted at all organizational levels.

F -> If you know about your product or service (strengths, weaknesses, and markets) when writing a sales message, it it not necessary to know about the competition.

F -> Giving the receiver a deadline by which to take the desired action makes you appear pushy.

T -> A call to action ends most persuasive messages.

T -> By using the you-viewpoint in a persuasive message, you involve the receiver in the topic and stimulate their interest.

F -> Reminder stickers are one technique that may be used in the appeal stage of collection.

T -> Many times a sales letter will not use a salutation.

F -> The number of steps in each collection stage should be consistent from customer to customer to ensure unbiased treatment.

F -> An effective persuasive message tells the receiver the negative consequences that will be realized if he or she does not take the desired action.

F -> It is critical to maintain the receiver's goodwill in a collection message in the warning stage.

F -> In a sales letter it is more likely that the receiver will develop interest in a product or service if general statements of the benefits, not specific statements, are used.

T -> The three stages of a collection message are progressively more persuasive.

F -> Receivers of all requests will need to be persuaded to take action.

T -> The opening of a persuasive message should be brief and positive.

F -> The sender of a special claims letter does not need to convince the receiver that a refund is appropriate.

T -> One danger of using gimmicks to get the receiver's attention is they may be seen as misleading and cause the receiver to react to the message unfavorably.

C -> Which of the following is the proper sequence for a persuasive message using the indirect plan?
a. Action, Interest, Attention, Desire
b. Attention, Desire, Interest, Action
c. Attention, Interest, Desire, Action
d. Interest, Attention, Desire, Action

A -> Which of the following methods should NOT be used to capture attention in the opening paragraph of a persuasive message?
a. Use of a hyperlink
b. Use of a rhetorical question
c. Use of an interjection
d. Use of color

D -> Which of the following comments best describes a collection message in the appeal stage?
a. It is a reminder for a customer who forgot to pay.
b. It is not concerned with customer goodwill.
c. It is written from the writer's points of view.
d. It uses the indirect persuasive outline.

C -> What is one way that a sales message differs from other business letters?
a. A sales message may contain inaccurate information.
b. A sales message may emphasize your competitors' strengths.
c. Sentence fragments may be used in a sales message.
d. The you-viewpoint is not important in a sales message.

C -> Which of the following is NOT a persuasive message?
a. Collection
b. Employment
c. Invitation
d. Recommendation

D -> Which of the following statements about collection messages is INCORRECT?
a. Messages in the reminder stage are not considered persuasive.
b. Messages in the warning stage are not concerned with maintaining a customer's goodwill.
c. The number of steps in each stage may vary.
d. The writer of a collection message in the appeal stage should not mention a customer's reputation or credit rating.

B -> The correct order of the three stages of collection messages is
a. appeal, warning, reminder.
b. reminder, appeal, warning.
c. reminder, warning, appeal.
d. warning, reminder, appeal.

D -> Which of the following is the best closing for a persuasive request?
a. If you are unable to chair this committee, let me know so I can contact someone else about the job.
b. If you are willing to lead this group, please let me know at your earliest convenience.
c. Please call me at 555.394.8704 if you are willing to lead this task force.
d. Please e-mail me your response at rita.prosky@gmetric.com by April 24.

B -> Which of the following is NOT a good opening for a persuasive request?
a. Are you interested in hiring competent, motivated individuals?
b. I would like you to apply for the financial analyst position that is open in our department.
c. Meeting you at the grand opening of the Ronald McDonald House last week was a pleasure.
d. Your work on the Thompson project was excellent.

D -> Which of the following situations requires a special claims message?
a. A shipment of 20 glass vases to be used at the company holiday party arrived two weeks prior to the party. Upon unpacking the shipment, you found that six of the vases were broken.
b. A two-year subscription was ordered in April for both Inc. and Money magazine. It is August and your office has not received a copy of either magazine.
c. Your company paid $3,000 to send three employees to a training session on the new version of PeachPit accounting software. The vendor cancelled the training session and rescheduled it at a time and date when your employees cannot attend.
d. Your company recently purchased 15 laptop computers for executives who travel frequently. After two weeks of use, four of the executives indicated that the batteries do not hold a charge for more than an hour.

F -> Repeating the same idea in the opening and closing paragraphs of a direct plan message stresses the main idea.

T -> A claim is a request for action written by someone who believes he or she has been wronged.

T -> Most messages written in business may be described as being positive or neutral news.

T -> The purpose of a message must be decided before the direct plan can be implemented.

F -> When using the direct plan, a writer presents the explanation from his or her point of view.

T -> When using the direct plan, you may place the main idea either in a subject line or in the first paragraph.

T -> Personalizing the sales appeal in a message organized by the direct plan will encourage the reader to act positively on the appeal.

T -> If used as part of the direct plan, a sales appeal may be presented as a separate paragraph or combined with the friendly close.

F -> Unsolicited positive or neutral news messages occur only in internal communication.

F -> The opening paragraph of a request for information should provide background about the situation that prompts the writer to make the request.

F -> Setting the date by which a receiver should respond to a request or claim is rude and pushy.

T -> When requesting information about an individual, the writer should be sure to ask only specific, relevant questions

T -> Claim adjustments and request approvals help organizations generate goodwill.

F -> Because a request made via e-mail will be responded to via e-mail, the request writer doesn't have to include personal contact information.

T -> Although claims are written using the direct plan, a writer should not ask for a specific remedy until after he or she has provided a detailed explanation of the circumstances of the claim.

F -> Threatening not to do business with the receiver's organization in the future will increase the chances of having your claim approved.

T -> A claim adjustment should include an apology only when the writer's analysis suggests the receiver expects it.

T -> A social business message is sent to communicate your interest and concern.

T -> It is appropriate to send congratulatory messages to both organizations and individuals.

F -> Congratulatory messages are appropriate for business-related accomplishments but not for personal achievements.

F -> A condolence message should begin and end with a statement of sympathy.

F -> Because it conveys a more professional image, a letter is a better choice for a condolence message than a handwritten message on a card.

T -> The expression of gratitude should be given in the first paragraph of an appreciation message.

F -> A letter or card of appreciation is appropriate for a longstanding record of thoughtfulness, but an oral thank you is sufficient for a one-time effort.

F -> Jack Murphy wants to invite the five people he supervises to a picnic at his home. Because the group is small and the event is informal, Jack could handwrite his invitation, photocopy it, and hand it to the receivers.

F -> When thanking an individual for doing something related to his or her job, sending a copy of the letter of appreciation to the individual's supervisor is intrusive and violates the principles of human resource management.

T -> A holiday greeting may be sent before or during any festive season

F -> To celebrate the new year, Hathaway Insurance sent each of its clients a calendar. Because the calendar contained the name, logo, and slogan of the insurance agency, this message must be considered a sales message, not a social business message.

F -> A letter welcoming the receiver as a new credit card customer should not contain coupons or sales offers.

T -> Sending an e-mail followed by a personal note or card will create a more positive impressing than sending only an e-mail.

D -> Which of the following message should NOT be written using the direct plan?
a. An announcement about a new product
b. A letter approving a $45 adjustment on a utility bill.
c. An e-mail asking whether a colleague could represent you at a meeting.
d. A memo announcing that the company day care center will be closed for five weeks during remodeling.

C -> The direct plan is used for positive and neutral business messages because
 
a. a direct plan message can be adapted to letters, memos, and e-mail. 
b. direct plan messages are brief. 
c. placing the main idea early in the message attracts the reader's attention. 
d. this plan is best for building goodwill with the receiver.

A -> Sara Garrett is requesting information about Hugh Rolle, a candidate for a sales position at Better Beverages. Sara will improve her chances of getting a thorough reply if she
a. asks relevant questions and assures the reader responses will be kept confidential.
b. encloses a copy of her company's hiring policy.
c. formats her questions as a vertical list.
d. praises the receivers judgment.

A -> The claim letter differs from other positive and neutral messages using the direct plan because it may
a. contain negative information.
b. include a sales appeal.
c. place blame on the receiver.
d. stress writer benefits.

A -> George Karim's current department store credit card statement includes a charge for merchandise he returned, so he is writing to ask that the charge be removed. To give his claim credibility, George should
a. enclose a copy of the receipt he was given when he returned the merchandise.
b. explain that he is disappointed in the company.
c. ask for $25 for pain and suffering.
d. say he will quit shopping at the store unless his account is corrected within two weeks.

D -> When setting the date by which you want your receiver to reply to your request or claim, you should
a. be flexible; use general time reference such as within the next two weeks. 
b. express the date in standard month, day, year format.
c. show urgency by saying as soon as possible.
d. tell the receiver why meeting your timeline is important.

C -> Andrea Swank is responding to a complaint from a customer who claimed he received poor service at her store. Which of the following statements represents the best close for her message?
a. Again, let me apologize for not giving you the high-quality service you deserve.
b. We look forward to showing you that your experience was a unique incident.
c. Use the enclosed coupon on our next visit to Swanks, where customer satisfaction is our goal.
d. We appreciate your business and hope you will visit us again soon.

B -> In the explanation section of a claim adjustment message, the sender should:
a. apologize for any inconvenience the receiver experienced.
b. focus on what has been done to solve or correct the problem.
c. prove the writer (sender) wasn't at fault.
d. thoroughly describe why the problem occurred.

B -> The key elements in a social business message are:
a. brevity and clarity.
b. honesty and completeness.
c. familiarity with the receiver and goodwill.
d. sincerity and timeliness.

C -> While reading the October issue of her college alumni newsletter, Elise Black learned that Elliot Mumbor, one of her classmates, had received an award the previous March. Elise should:
a. ignore the event because it occurred so long ago.
b. phone Elliot to convey congratulations.
c. send her classmate a greeting card on which she writes a personal message. 
d. write her alumni office and complain that news items are not current.

B -> Todd Pritchert is writing a letter to thank those who volunteered at this year's Downtown Youth Center fundraising event. Which of the following represents the best opening paragraph for his message?
a. Volunteers are the key piece in DYC's fundraising puzzle, and no one appreciates them more than we do! 
b. Time is a precious commodity. By donating your time to this year's DYC fundraiser, you demonstrated your commitment to the youth of Pueblo. We and they are grateful for your efforts.
c. Thank you!. The youth of Pueblo and the staff at DYC are pleased to announce that this year's fundraising event was the most successful in our 12-year history.
d. The smile on your face told us you enjoyed volunteering at this year's DYC fundraising event. So, mark your calendar now and sign up to help again next year!

D -> Which of the following closings would be best in a letter to a friend and co-worker whose fiance died in an auto accident?
a. Be patient. Time heals, and you'll be back to normal soon. 
b. Again, please accept my sympathy for your loss.
c. Terry was a good friend; I don't know how I'll fill the gap. 
d. Let's get together for dinner later this month and talk about the good times you, Terry, and I shared.

C -> Party Palace has relocated and plans to hold an open house to showcase it's new facility. Which of the following openings best reflects appropriate use of the direct plan for the invitation to this event? 
a. Party Palace is open in its new location, and we're celebrating!
b. Date: October 11
Time: 9 AM to 9 PM
Dress: Casual--party hats provided on site
c. Please join us as we celebrate the opening of Party Palace's new store!
d. Please complete and return the enclosed card saying you'll attend our open house.

C -> What type of social business message is most likely to use an RSVP?
a. Appreciation
b. Holiday greeting
c. Invitation
d. Welcome

D -> Which of the following should be considered when determining the formality of a goodwill message?
a. Cost
b. Timeliness in sending the message
c. Length of message
d. Familiarity with the receiver

F -> You can send a targeted rsum and a general application letter.

T -> Application letters are sales letters with your knowledge and skills as the product.

T -> If you think it has been too long since you have heard about your application, it is appropriate to call or write the employer.

T -> Since the purpose of an application letter and rsum is to obtain an interview, you should ask for it directly in your letter.

T -> Application letters may be sent electronically.

T -> When responding to a job advertisement, read the ad carefully and use words in the letter that fit both you and the language in the ad.

F -> You should always send an e-mail thank you letter because it is faster.

T -> An interview is important because it can determine your career's future course.

T -> Even if you are definitely not interested in the job, it is still appropriate to follow up an interview.

T -> Researching information about a specific company or career helps you create an effective application letter that focuses on the potential employer's needs and explains your qualifications from the you-viewpoint.

F -> If asked an illegal or inappropriate question, you are usually wise to show anger or irritation so the interviewer will know the question was offensive.

F -> A behavioral interview question asks how you would handle a hypothetical situation.

F -> You should avoid talking in an interview about your achievements because employers appreciate employees who are modest.

F -> Upon greeting the interviewer, extend your hand for a handshake and sit down.

F -> A letter of application can be submitted to a potential employer instead of a rsum.

F -> The salary question is the first one that you should ask the employer when the interview begins so the interview will not be a waste of time if the salary quoted is not acceptable.

F -> Pausing before responding to an interview question demonstrates a lack of self-confidence.

T -> The Internet is one good source to learn about a company or organization prior to an interview.

T -> An application letter does not repeat the same information that is in your rsum.

T -> Most resignation letters are written using the direct plan because they are routine and preceded by a resignation in person.

F -> If the company at which you are interviewing has a business casual dress code, you should dress in business casual attire for the interview to show the interviewer you will fit in.

T -> Questions asked in a panel interview are usually the same for all candidates.

T -> An employment application provides the prospective employer with a signed record of your personal and employment history.

F -> You cannot be fired for embellishing your skills or education/experience on the employment application if you have already been hired.

F -> An advantage of traditional interview questions is that the answers center on actual events and are less likely to be only an answer the applicant believes the interviewer expects.

F -> If you are given an opportunity to ask question at the end of the interview, concentrate your questions on topics of personal benefit to you.

T -> An interviewer may intentionally challenge you by asking difficult questions to see how you handle different situations.

T -> The most common initial screening interview is done by telephone.

T -> Thr purpose of the portfolio is to prove or demonstrate your skills and accomplishments.

T -> An unacceptable interview question is one that does not relate to the job requirements.

B -> Which of the following interview questions is a behavioral question?
a. Do you like to work alone or with other people?
b. Give me an example of a situation in which you were successful (or unsuccessful) in motivating someone.
c. What does teamwork mean to you?
d. What is your greatest weakness?

A -> How should you best respond to interview questions?
a. Be enthusiastic, honest, sincere, and state your accomplishments in a specific and positive manner.
b. Embellish your achievements and accomplishments to make sure the employer remembers them.
c. Say that your achievements and accomplishments are detailed on your resume.
d. Use caution when describing what you have accomplished so you will not appear to be bragging on yourself.

A -> The most important part of an application letter is the 
a. accomplishments that relate to the job requirements.
b. action-promoting close.
c. attention-getting opening.
d. logical explanation.

C -> An interview question that asks about one of your weaknesses would be answered best by
a. admitting the weakness.
b. asking if it is necessary to talk about weaknesses.
c. naming a weakness and turning it into a strength.
d. saying that you do not have any weaknesses.

A -> Which of the following would NOT be a strong closing for an application letter?
a. I am enclosing my rsum for you to consider. When can I expect to hear from you?
b. I am excited about the prospect of interviewing with Good Face, a highly respected public relations firm in San Francisco. Please call me at 802.555.1234 to schedule an interview at your convenience.
c. I would appreciate an opportunity to talk with you about how I would fit in your organization. I will call you early next week to arrange an appointment.
d. Please call me at 555.793.534 or e-mail me at fww@gmail.com to set up an interview. If hired for this position, I will be a dedicated, productive employee.

D -> Which one of the following is NOT an element upon which an employment application is evaluated?
a. The integrity of the application
b. The information entered on the application
c. The legibility of the application
d. The organization of the information entered on the application

C -> Interviewers use behavioral questions because they
a. are based on hypothetical situations and require interviewees to "think on their feet."
b. can be evaluated objectively.
c. focus on how the applicant has acted in the past in a specific situation.
d. provide standard answers so comparisons between interviewees' answers can be made easily.

A -> Which of the following would NOT be appropriate for the opening of an application letter?
a. Describing your most outstanding accomplishments
b. Explaining why you are interested in the position
c. Indicating knowledge about the position or organization/company
d. Mentioning who referred you to this position

C -> A screening interview is
a. known as the alternative interview.
b. not used frequently.
c. used to qualify applicants for the selection interview.
d. usually relatively short--15 to 20 minutes.

D -> Which of the following is the best content for an answer to the interview question, "What do you consider your strengths?"
a. Cite your academic record and achievements.
b. List three to five specific abilities that you have and explain how they have served you in the past.
c. Refer to your work-related accomplishments.
d. Relate your skills and knowledge to the job requirements.

F -> One of the most important purposes of a visual aid in a business report is to make the report colorful and attractive.

T -> An organization chart shows supervisory and direct reporting relationships within an organization.

T -> The best location for a visual aid is on the same page as the text referring to it or the next page.

F -> A stacked-bar chart shows comparison of variable values that fall above or below a reference point.

T -> Illustrations that relate indirectly to the text should not be placed in the body of the report.

T -> Pictures, SmartArt. or clip art would be shown as figures or illustrations using a traditional style manual (HOW 12}.

F -> An effective visual aid in a written report should be easily understood without referring to the text material.

F -> Organization charts should be used only when they show the entire organization.

T -> A source note gives credit to the resource used for the illustration..

T -> Every visual aid should have a title that, along with the contents, makes the meaning clear.

T -> A legend should be shown on a multiple-line or multiple-bar graph to identify the lines or bars.

F -> A positive-negative bar chart is the best illustration for showing elements within a quantitative variable.

T -> Light and dark shadings are better than different colots for showing multiple item values on a bar chart unless all copies will be produced on a color printer or copier.

T -> Two formatting styles used in business reports for illustrations are APA and traditional (HOW 12).

T -> If more than one illustration appears in a written report, all visual aids within the report should be referred to in the text by number before they are shown; that is, the text reference to the visual should come before placement of the visual.

F -> Up to ten areas can be compared in one multiple-bar graph.

T -> A style manual is used by publishers to maintain consistency in writing and formatting their publications.

T -> Tables are efficient for presenting detailed data in a small amount of space.

T -> Word tables can present a comparison of ideas or characteristics of different items.

F -> Flip charts and posters are economical, easy-to-use visual aids for large groups.

C -> Which of the following is correct for the use of source notes for visual aids?
a. Acknowledging sources of visual aids is not as critical as acknowledging sources of the text material.
b. A source note should be used whenever content of an illustration is originated by the writer.
c. The source note goes below the illustration; however, APA uses the italicized word Note followed by a period before the resource information.
d. Traditional style for a source note uses the word Source (not italicized) followed by a semicolon.

A -> In APA format, each table is numbered separately and referred to as a (an)
a. Table.
b. Chart.
c. Illustration.
d. Figure.

B -> Which chart is best in demonstrating differences in values within variables by dividing each bar into its parts?
a. Broken-bar chart
b. Stacked-bar chart
c. Multiple-bar chart
d. Positive-negative bar chart

D -> Which of the following statements is NOT true of visual aids in business reports?
a. Selecting either APA or traditional style to format illustrations and following it promotes consistency and a professional appearance in written reports.
b. Using visual aids helps communicate ideas and improve retention.
c. Placing visual aids in the appendix is preferred rather than the body of the report if they are indirectly related to the text or of interest to only a few readers.
d. Placing the number and title above a figure follows APA style.

B -> The best visual aid to illustrate step-by-step progression of a complex procedure is a (an)
a. line graph.
b. flowchart.
c. organization chart.
d. stacked-bar graph.

D -> Physical objects are sometimes passed around as part of a presentation. Which of the following statements is NOT true about their use?
a. Use of a physical object introduces the sensory dimension of touch.
b. Use of a physical object may be a distraction from listening.
c. Use of a physical object may involve a cutaway model to show parts.
d. Use of a physical object does not reinforce the message.

B -> Slides or transparencies work well with groups of different sizes. Which one of the following statements is NOT true about their use for presentations.
a. The beginning, the ending, and the most important points of the presentation should be used as content for presentation slides or transparencies.
b. Type should be in uppercase letters to be easily read.
c. Font sizes should be 36 point for titles and 24 point for bulleted text.
d. As a general rule, keywords rather than complete sentences should be used on slides or transparencies.

A -> Which of the following is NOT true of titles of illustrations for business reports?
a. For APA and traditional styles, titles are placed under a figure.
b. Traditional style centers the heading of a table or figure and uses all upper-case letters for the title.
c. Consistency in numbering, placement, and formatting visual aids within a report is important.
d. In APA style, the title of a table or a figure, along with the table or figure number, begins at the left margin.

C -> Which two of the following charts does not begin with zero at the bottom, extreme left?
a. simple bar charts
b. Multiple-line charts
c. Positive-negative bar charts
d. Stacked-bar charts

A -> Which visual aid is best to illustrate how the parts of a whole are distributed?
a. Pie chart
b. Flowchart
c. Bar chart
d. Line chart

F -> Proposals are persuasive messages that have a high success-to-failure ratio.

T -> Formal proposals are highly structured documents that may resemble formal reports.

T -> Staff at not-for-profit organizations write grant proposals to request money or tangible goods.

F -> The organization that submits the proposal selected in response to an RFP will be awarded a contract for the project.

T -> An RFP that includes information about time, budget, or other constraints related to the project helps readers determine whether to respond.

F -> The cover letter or memo that accompanies a proposal is also known as the Summary or the Overview

T -> The title of a proposal should be brief and answer the questions Who? What? Where? When? Why? and How?

T -> The background and problem/need sections of a proposal may be combined or, if lengthy, presented separately.

T -> The benefits of a proposal should be stated realistically and written using the you-viewpoint.

T -> The evaluation plan in a proposal provides a way to judge the degree of success achieved if the proposal is implemented.

T -> A good proposal should not only describe the solution but also show that those involved have the qualifications to implement it

T -> When proposal writing is done collaboratively, one member of the team should accept responsibility for ensuring the finished document is consistent and coherent.

T -> The format used in preparing a proposal can affect both readability and general interest in the topic.

T -> Oral and written proposals should contain the same essential elements if they are to be successful.

F -> Underestimating the cost of a project will make a business plan more attractive to potential investors.

F -> An appendix section is appropriate in a proposal but not in a business plan.

F -> To seem more forceful, policy statements should be written in the first person.

F -> The details in a news release should be presented in chronological sequence.

T -> Audience analysis plays an important part in performance appraisal writing no matter how often a supervisor has evaluated a particular employee.

F -> The primary purpose of a performance appraisal is to determine a worker's eligibility for a salary increase.

A -> Amber Case is a sales representative for an office equipment company. Last week, Amber called on Billings Concrete and learned from the office manager, Bob Rydell, that the company was having problems with its aging photocopier. When Amber checked her e-mail Tuesday morning, she found an e-mail from Bob asking about the cost of a new copier with the same features as the company's current unit. In response, Amber prepared a letter in which she described the features, benefits, and costs of two models. This situation is an example of 
a. informal request, formal response.
b. formal request; formal response.
c. formal request; formal response.
d. formal request; informal response.

D -> The essential elements in a solicited external proposal are:
a. contained in the response to a letter of inquiry.
b. held confidential.
c. identified by the proposal writer.
d. specified in the RFP.

A -> Which section of an RFP outlines the parameters to be used in selecting the successful proposal?
a. Evaluation Criteria
b. Proposal Guidelines
c. Restrictions
d. Vendor Requirements

B -> When the format for an RFP to which you are responding doesn't call for information that you think is important, you should
a. attach an explanatory letter.
b. integrate the information into sections that fit the format. 
c. omit the information.
d. place the information in an appendix.

B -> Which proposal section sets the context for the reader, reviews the highlights of the proposal, and encourages action?
a. Background
b. Cover letter or memo
c. Summary
d. Title page

D -> Which of the following titles is best for an unsolicited proposal to an agency that funds community-based projects?
a. A Proposal Requesting Funding to Expand Arts Programming at Stone Ridge Senior Center in South Dakota.
b. A Study of Three Methods of Training Teenage Babysitters
c. Rock and Roll Meets Rap
d. The Green Thumb Project: Teaching Inner-City Youth about Gardening

D -> The legal structure of a business should be described in which section of a business plan?
a. Administration/production factors
b. Appendix
c. Financial information
d. Ownership/management/staffing

B -> A policy statement should be written
a. general for all employees.
b. general for managers and specific for nonmanagerial employees.
c. specific for all employees.
d. specific for managers and general for nonmanagerial employees.

B -> The inverted pyramid format is used with
a. executive summaries.
b. news releases.
c. performance appraisals.
d. policy statements.

B -> Which of the following statements is NOT true of performance appraisals?
a. They may be written directly or indirectly, depending on the situation.
b. They may include humor if audience analysis dictates it will be well received.
c. They should be brief.
d. They should include factual evidence of strong or weak performance.

T -> Composing negative messages without using a single negative word is possible and desirable.

F -> All negative messages should be composed using the indirect plan.

F -> Trying to maintain neutrality in the opening of a negative message is unethical.

T -> Negative information may be included in the same paragraph as the explanation.

T -> One way to de-emphasize the negative inforrmation is to place it in a dependent clause.

T -> The friendly close should not include anything that reminds the receiver of negative information given in the message.

T -> The composer of a negative message should analyze the situation before implementing the indirect plan.

T -> In the logical explanation of a negative message, it is important to be positive..

T -> Use de-emphasis techniques when presenting the negative information.

F -> The negative information section of a negative message should be emphasized to ensure that part of the message is clear.

T -> A negative message is any message that is unpleasant, disappointing, or unfavorable in the mind of the receiver.

T -> In an adjustment refusal message, you may refuse the claim but still try to sell the customer more merchandise or service.

F -> A negative message initiated by the receiver is considered an unsolicited negative message.

T -> In some situations, the constructive follow-up can immediately follow the negative information in the same paragraph.

T -> The primary goal in presenting negative information is to be sure that the receiver clearly understands this part of your message.

F -> The negative information should be stated in several words or sentences so that the negative facts will not be noticed.

T -> The constructive follow-up provides other solutions or gives additional reasoning that will justify the unfavorable information.

F -> All receivers respond favorably to the indirect plan when it is used for presenting negative information.

F -> A letter is the best way to convey negative information of high importance.

T -> One purpose of the friendly close is to move the receiver's mind away from the negative information.

C -> What is one of the most important aspects of the indirect plan?
a. It keeps the receiver from getting the negative news.
b. The close stays off the negative subject.
c. The reasoning to justify the negative information is presented before the negative information.
d. The negative information is presented before the reasoning to justify it.

B -> Which of the following statements is NOT an advantage of the indirect plan?
a. It permits reason to prevail.
b. It emphasizes the negative information.
c. It maintains a calm approach.
d. It can change a negative situation to a positive one.

A -> Which of the following negative messages is an example of one that should use the direct plan?
a. Response to a death or tragedy
b. Request refusal
c. Adjustment refusal
d. Credit refusal

C -> The negative information section of a negative message should
a. be placed in a separate paragraph.
b. avoid saying what can be done.
c. come immediately after the logical explanation.
d. offer an apology.

D -> The logical explanation of the indirect plan
a. stresses receiver interests and benefits.
b. uses emphasis techniques.
c. relates to the opening buffer.
d. includes both A and C..

D -> If the opening buffer and logical explanation are effective, the receiver will 
a. be unsure about the meaning of the negative information.
b. not expect the negative information.
c. not need another statement that conveys the negative information.
d. respond favorably to the words you chose for the logical explanation .

B -> Which of the following is NOT a proper way to communicate a credit refusal?
a. Personalized letter
b. Form memo
c. Telephone call
d. Face-to-face conversation

B -> The best way to implement the requirement that de-emphasis techniques be used in the negative information is to
a. start with points that are the most unfavorable to your receiver.
b. address the negative information in the middle of a paragraph.
c. give the negative information in explicit terms.
d. avoid the negative points.

D -> Which of the following openings would be best for a letter in which you are refusing an adjustment?
a. I am sorry that I cannot honor your claim ...
b. Your claim cannot be honored at this time because ...
c. This is to let you know that ...
d. Your recent purchase of a ...

C -> The unsolicited negative message is somewhat different than other negative messages because it is
a. in response to a message.
b. unexpected by the sender.
c. sender initiated.
d. dealing with ethics.

F -> "Communication climate" refers to the free flow of ideas within an organization.

T -> Relationships generally begin with cautious conversation.

T -> The closing to a conversation may be verbal, nonverbal, or both.

T -> Interpersonal communication encompasses the verbal and nonverbal skills used in one-to-one and small-group interactions.

F -> On a self-managed team, some members have more responsibility for the finished product.

F -> Once damaged, a relationship cannot be repaired.

T -> Writing teams face the same challenges as teams formed for other purposes.

T -> Participating on a team can positively impact an individual's business knowledge and result in enhanced visibility in the organization as well better project management skills.

F -> One-to-one oral communication is less valuable in business than is one-to-one written communication.

T -> Only those who play a role in reaching a group's goals should be invited to a meeting.

F -> It is inappropriate for the leader of a meeting to set time limits for the topics on an agenda.

F -> Agendas are less important for audio and video conferences than for face-to-face meetings.

T -> In collaborative writing, the task of analyzing the receiver is done by the group.

T -> The attitudes, personal qualities, social graces, and habits that make someone a good employee and compatible coworker are referred to as "soft skills."

F -> The second stage of conversation, the exchange, is delivered using the direct plan.

F -> Being aggressive during a conversational exchange demonstrates your enthusiasm for the topic being discussed.

F -> Fast-paced questioning shows your interest and stimulates discussion.

F -> Constructive feedback and criticism are different names for the same process.

F -> Having two or more people work together to draft a document is effective and efficient.

F -> During a meeting it is the responsibility of the recorder to keep the group focused and not allow the discussion to stray off topic.

T -> Relationships cannot be repaired unless the participants are willing to let go of the problem that caused the breakdown.

F -> A process-improvement team draws its strength from the perspectives and diverse viewpoints its members represent.

F -> Your goals when facilitating conflict resolution are to identify who was at fault and to have him or her apologize.

F -> Webcasting is real-time, two-way communication.

F -> A person's status within the organization should be considered when a team evaluates the contributor's ideas.

T -> Webconferencing is a two-way synchronous communication.

T -> Traditional teams are bound by time and location; virtual teams are not.

T -> The anonymity of virtual discussions or meetings can reduce an individual's fear of disapproval; as a result, participation increases.

T -> The main purpose of constructive feedback is to help people understand where they stand in relation to the expected job behavior.

T -> One benefit of keeping teams to ten or fewer members is that contributions are likely to be more balanced.

A -> An open-ended question
a. can be used when background information is required.
b. does not work well if the receiver or situation is emotional.
c. may be leading.
d. may be perceived as threatening.

A -> A small group meeting participant spends most of his or her time
a. listening.
b. organizing materials.
c. speaking.
d. taking notes.

B -> Creating and holding a mental image of the person with whom you are conversing by telephone will
a. give the impression the other person is important.
b. help you keep the conversation focused on the other person.
c. make your voice sound professional.
d. minimize the potential for in-person interruptions.

B -> The three most common communication styles are
a. aggressive, assertive, and direct.
b. passive, aggressive, and assertive.
c. passive, aggressive, and direct.
d. passive, assertive, and indirect.

D -> On her way to an important Friday morning meeting, Shannon Gaydos observes one of the people she supervises speaking harshly to a customer. Shannon knows she must offer constructive feedback to the employee, so she decides to
a. concentrate more on her verbal than on her nonverbal message.
b. minimize the impact of her criticism by speaking in general terms.
c. speak to the employee early Monday morning.
d. stress the benefits the receiver will gain by modifying his/her behavior.

D -> You are trying to persuade colleagues in a branch office in another state that changes in Crater Mountain Hospital design are necessary before it goes out for bids. You want to present the changes and the benefit to your company and the client of making these proposed changes. Which of the following would be the most effective communication method for you to deliver your message?
a. Audio conference
b. Letter
c. Telephone call
d. Video conference

B -> The quality of thinking that emerges from small-group meetings
a. has no relationship to what one person can achieve alone.
b. is usually higher than one person can achieve alone.
c. is usually lower than one person can achieve alone.
d. is usually the same as one person can achieve alone.

A -> The conflict resolution technique of compromise should be used when
a. some areas of agreement exist.
b. the relationship has been long-term.
c. the situation is an emergency.
d. the situation may be repeated.

B -> Which of the following web-assisted technologies allows you to store a presentation and watch it at a later time?
a. Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP)
b. Web caching
c. Web conferencing
d. Webcasting

B -> Jordan Ragsdale has been the chair of a committee within his firm for over a year. Michelle Wymer became a member of the group about a month ago. Since joining the committee, Michelle has made few if any comments, yet Jordan knows she has creative ideas to share because she has discussed them with him outside of the group's regular weekly meeting. Jordan wants to encourage Michelle to speak at meetings. What should he do?
a. Ask Michelle to take notes.
b. During the meeting, ask Michelle direct questions related to her area of expertise.
c. Criticize Michelle privately.
d. Discuss the situation with another committee member and ask that person to talk to Michelle.

F -> Formal reports use side headings; informal reports do not.

F -> Memo reports are written for an internal audience; letter reports may be written for either an internal or an external audience.

T -> Standardizing the format of a technical report makes it easy for readers to scan the document for the specific item(s) of interest to them.

T -> Research problems may be phrased as statements or questions.

T -> Brainstorming and cluster diagramming can help researchers set the scope of a project.

T -> When setting the time schedule for a research project, work back from the deadline date.

F -> Research studies conducted by current employees using data obtained from the organization's files do not need to have a budget.

T -> Research procedures vary from project to project.

F -> The standards for documenting information obtained from web sources are less rigid than the standards for documenting print secondary sources.

F -> The primary receivers (readers) of a message must be analyzed; the secondary receivers need not be analyzed.

T -> Face-to-face surveys can be costly, but they produce the most in-depth responses.

T -> Pilot testing or field testing a survey can help to identify questions that need to be reworded to improve clarity.

F -> Focus group participants may be less open with their responses if they know they are being taped; therefore, it is better not to tell them they are being recorded.

F -> The conclusions and recommendations sections of a report allow the researcher to infuse his or her opinions into a report.

T -> The introduction of a report helps the reader understand the scope and sequence of the report.

T -> The executive summary of a report emphasizes the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the study.

T -> The guidelines and policies of an organization must be considered when deciding how to format a formal report.

T -> All appendixes included with a report must be referred to within the body of the report.

F -> Headings must be parallel within and between levels.

F -> It is unnecessary to include a source citation for paraphrased material.

A -> The formality of a report is
a. based on the culture of the writer's organization.
b. based on the content.
c. determined by the preference of the writer.
d. determined by the receiver.

B -> Which of the following report types is also known as a status report?
a. Periodic
b. Progress
c. Technical
d. Unsolicited

D -> You start planning a research study by
a. determining the factors.
b. determining the solutions.
c. scheduling the study.
d. stating the problem.

D -> What is a Gantt chart?
a. A budget spreadsheet
b. A cluster diagram
c. A statistical analysis tool
d. A time schedule

A -> Buchan Molding manufactures plastic tubing used in various industries. Which of the following represents the best way for Buchan to gather customer satisfaction data about the service received during the lengthy, complicated transactions common in its business? 
a. Conduct a telephone survey.
b. Send a comment card with the customer's order.
c. Send a letter of inquiry.
d. Visit each customer personally.

B -> All but which of the following is a primary data source?
a. A personal interview
b. A website located through an Internet search
c. An observation
d. Company records

A -> Experiments
a. are used to identify a better way of doing things.
b. have high personnel costs.
c. represent a common business research method.
d. require less control than other business research methods.

D -> The solution to a research problem is presented in the report as a part of the
a. Appendix.
b. Conclusions.
c. Findings.
d. Recommendations.

B -> If a formal report contains a comprehensive letter of transmittal, the report will not contain a/an
a. bibliography.
b. executive summary
c. introduction.
d. table of contents.

B -> Which of the following headings is NOT grammatically parallel to the others?
a. Fringe Benefits
b. Income Generated from Patents
c. Quarterly Dividends
d. Unanticipated Losses

F -> A self-analysis inventory should be started a few weeks prior to starting the job search.

F -> You should determine your job preferences before beginning a self-analysis.

T -> The rsum is the primary tool in securing an interview.

F -> The first step in a job campaign is to obtain information about employment opportunities.

T -> The summary of qualifications in a rsum should include keywords.

T -> Your most important business communication will be about your employment.

T -> One of the first places to begin your job search is your campus career center.

F -> The term solicited position means a specific job for which you have been solicited to apply.

T -> All communication with prospective employers should focus on how your skills and abilities can contribute in the position for which you are applying.

T -> One goal of developing networking contacts is to create awareness that you are seeking employment opportunities.

T -> Use a specific career objective for a targeted position.

F -> Targeted rsums may use the chronological, functional, or combination format; general rsums only use the chronological format.

F -> A targeted rsum is less powerful than a general rsum .

T -> If your high school record is fairly recent and shows considerable accomplishment, include it in your rsum ; otherwise, omit it.

T -> If you are applying for multiple jobs, you may want to have different versions of your objective to focus on the specific position for which you are applying.

F -> The Education section should always follow the rsum opening.

F -> It is a good idea to link your web page profile with a personal website so prospective employers have all the information they need to make a hiring decision.

F -> Keywords are generally verbs that describe you and are placed at the beginning or the end of the rsum .

F -> A web page profile is a personal website.

T -> You should prepare a separate reference list to accompany your rsum .

T -> At job/career fairs you will have the opportunity to contact many prospective employers in one day.

T -> When setting job and career targets, consider personal factors and values.

F -> Your most recent supervisor should be listed as a reference even if he or she will not give a positive reference.

F -> A functional rsum groups education and accomplishment under skills or functions that are pertinent to your career objective.

T -> The chronological rsum format presents information within each section by date, beginning with the most recent date.

A -> Managers who regularly review rsums and make decisions on who will be invited for an interview generally prefer
a. a chronological rsum.
b. a combination rsum.
c. a functional rsum.
d. a "one size fits all" rsum.

D -> An applicant tracking computer system in the human resources department
a. accepts only online rsums.
b. does not allow for updating rsum information.
c. is required by law in government offices.
d. scans a rsum and places it in an electronic folder.

B -> For each job you have held, the most important information to list in a rsum is your
a. employer.
b. job accomplishments.
c. job responsibilities.
d. job title.

A -> For new college graduates with limited experience, the preferred number of pages for a rsum is
a. one.
b. two.
c. three.
d. any number.

C -> The first step in your job campaign is to
a. ask friends and acquaintances about available job openings.
b. develop a rsum that will generate an interview.
c. inventory your qualifications, strengths, and interests to know yourself well.
d. send letters of inquiry to prospective employers to locate job opportunities.

C -> The combination rsum would be best for which of the following individuals?
a. An individual who has been out of the job market for several years
b. An individual who has held several jobs and needs to make his or her rsum more concise
c. An individual who has just graduated and has limited experience other than internships and/or part-time work while in school
d. An individual who has little employment experience

A -> Which of the following is the best summary of qualifications statement?
a. Increased sales in territory 18 percent over a three-year period.
b. Learned new accounting software.
c. Provided assistance for marketing representatives.
d. Used Skype to meet with remote customers, which resulted in a significant savings on travel costs.

D -> The primary purpose of networking contacts is to
a. ask for their help in finding a job.
b. ask them to serve as a reference for your resume.
c. leave a resume with them.
d. seek their guidance and advice.

A -> The best arrangements for a rsum for a college graduate who has extensive experience is 
a. opening; experience; education; activities, honors, or special skills.
b. opening; education; experience; activities, honors, or special skills.
c. opening; experience; activities, honors, or special skills; education.
d. opening; activities, honors, or special skills; education; experience.

C -> Which of the following should NOT be included in the contact information for a business colleague serving as a reference?
a. business address
b. e-mail address
c. home address
d. position and organization at which the reference is employed

F -> Hearing involves understanding and retaining what has been said.

T -> Nonverbal cues provide information that can either add to or detract from a message.

T -> Good listening skills can improve productivity.

T -> Listening should occur more often than speaking.

F -> During remembering, a message receiver assigns meaning to stimuli.

F -> Passive listening is a technique for improving understanding of what is being said by taking into account how something is said and the nonverbal and body language that accompanies what is being said.

T -> Interpreting involves assigning meaning to both verbal and nonverbal cues.

F -> Hearing and listening are different terms for the same physical process.

T -> To avoid interrupting a speaker, a listener should distinguish between a mid-thought pause and the end of a comment.

F -> Start formulating questions for the speaker while he/she is still speaking so you are organized and ready to speak when the speaker stops talking.

T -> A speaker cannot communicate an oral message without using nonverbal cues.

T -> Body language conveys immediate feedback to the sender of a message.

F -> Listeners use cautious listening when they want to concentrate on specific details rather than general concepts.

F -> A speaker should not display facial expressions because they may change the meaning of an oral message.

F -> Paraphrasing is repeating back to the speaker what he/she just said; this signals the message was received just as the speaker said it.

F -> Our minds filter the contents of a message based on our experiences, age, knowledge, and emotions.

T -> A weak handshake communicates a negative message.

T -> Stimuli may be external or internal.

T -> An individual may be unaware that he or she is transmitting a nonverbal message.

T -> A speaker's physical appearance can affect his/her credibility with the audience.

T -> Small-group or one-to-one presentations lend themselves best to nonverbal feedback.

F -> Taking careful, detailed notes is important to helping remember what has been said.

T -> During filtering, a listener tries to eliminate unwanted verbal and nonverbal stimuli.

T -> A nonverbal message may be interpreted differently by individuals from different cultures.

F -> A listener engaged in skimming wants to remember concepts and details.

D -> Which of the following is NOT a speech barrier to listening?
a. Dialects of a different language.
b. Highly technical vocabularly
c. Low volume voice
d. Unusual pronunciations

A -> Which of the following is NOT a mode commonly used to listen to messages? 
a. Careful listening
b. Cautious listening
c. Scanning
d. Skimming

D -> One shortcoming of the scanning mode of listening is
a. it requires much energy.
b. there is no time to evaluate nonverbal cues.
c. there is no time to give feedback.
d. your mind may wander.

B -> The type of note taking that most enhances your listening effectiveness is
a. abbreviation.
b. keyword.
c. replication.
d. verbatim.

A -> Which of the following is NOT correct about nonverbal communication?
a. All managers view punctuality as being important.
b. Distance between communicators may vary with individuals from different cultures.
c. The importance of an employee may be communicated by his or her proximity to the manager.
d. The size of an office communicates a nonverbal message.

A -> Jaycee and Michele have a weekly meeting to discuss staffing in the four restaurants they own. Jaycee always starts the meeting by telling Michele a joke. Today, though, there was no joke--just a negative comment about the weather. Michele's awareness of the change in Jaycee's behavior is called
a. benchmarking.
b. empathizing.
c. mirroring.
d. recalling.

A -> Eye contact is
a. a signal to the speaker when to talk or finish.
b. a way of providing feedback to the speaker.
c. influenced by culture
d. All of the above

A -> Which of the following nonverbal behaviors is considered positive?
a. Leaning toward the person with whom you are conversing
b. Looking at your watch
c. Raising your eyebrows
d. Yawning

D -> Which of the following is the best example of a mental distraction?
a. Hearing the children on the school playground through an open window
b. Listening to the two people next to you talking
c. Taking extensive notes
d. Thinking of a meeting at which you will be speaking in an hour

D -> Which of the following is NOT a result of effective listening?
a. Build relationships
b. Conflict resolution
c. Fewer errors and less wasted time
d. Improved verbal skills

A -> The formality of a report is
a. based on the culture of the writer's organization.
b. based on the content.
c. determined by the preference of the writer.
d. determined by the receiver.

B -> Which of the following report types is also known as a status report?
a. Periodic
b. Progress
c. Technical
d. Unsolicited

D -> You start planning a research study by
a. determining the factors.
b. determining the solutions.
c. scheduling the study.
d. stating the problem.

D -> What is a Gantt chart?
a. A budget spreadsheet
b. A cluster diagram
c. A statistical analysis tool
d. A time schedule

A -> Buchan Molding manufactures plastic tubing used in various industries. Which of the following represents the best way for Buchan to gather customer satisfaction data about the service received during the lengthy, complicated transactions common in its business? 
a. Conduct a telephone survey.
b. Send a comment card with the customer's order.
c. Send a letter of inquiry.
d. Visit each customer personally.

B -> All but which of the following is a primary data source?
a. A personal interview
b. A website located through an Internet search
c. An observation
d. Company records

A -> Experiments
a. are used to identify a better way of doing things.
b. have high personnel costs.
c. represent a common business research method.
d. require less control than other business research methods.

D -> The solution to a research problem is presented in the report as a part of the
a. Appendix.
b. Conclusions.
c. Findings.
d. Recommendations.

B -> If a formal report contains a comprehensive letter of transmittal, the report will not contain a/an
a. bibliography.
b. executive summary
c. introduction.
d. table of contents.

B -> Which of the following headings is NOT grammatically parallel to the others?
a. Fringe Benefits
b. Income Generated from Patents
c. Quarterly Dividends
d. Unanticipated Losses

A -> The informal report used to communicate with individuals outside an organization is a
a. letter.
b. memo.
c. periodic.
d. structural.

D -> The final step in conducting research is
a. analyzing the data.
b. determining solutions.
c. gathering information.
d. writing the report.

A -> The time schedule for a research study should include all but which one of the following elements?
a. Boundaries
b. Major tasks
c. Project deadline
d. Task completion data

B -> The best way to survey individuals to assure that their responses will be in the greatest depth is by
a. e-mail questionnaire.
b. face-to-face interview.
c. mail survey.
d. telephone survey.

A -> Which of the following normally is NOT included in the introduction of a formal report?
a. Procedures
b. Related literature
c. Scope
d. Statement of the problem

A -> Which of the following statements about business studies is LEAST true?
a. They are a common business activity.
b. They are conducted to provide solutions.
c. They are limited in scope.
d. Their results are reported most frequently in formal reports.

C -> When a contemporary-style footnote is used, where will readers find complete citation information for the source?
a. At the bottom of the page on which the quote appears
b. In the appendix
c. In the bibliography
d. In the glossary

B -> Which two parts may be combined in some reports?
a. Bibliography and glossary
b. Conclusions and recommendations
c. Letter of authorization and letter of transmittal
d. Procedures and findings

A -> Which of the following headings is NOT grammatically parallel to the others?
a. Buying Power has Increased
b. Reaching for the Stars
c. Remodeling with Style
d. Gaining Speed through Design

A -> Which of the following statements about the cover of a report is NOT true?
a. It contains the completion date.
b. It may contain the corporate logo.
c. It names the writer(s).
d. It protects the contents.

C -> Which of the following is the proper sequence for a persuasive message using the indirect plan?
a. Action, Interest, Attention, Desire
b. Attention, Desire, Interest, Action
c. Attention, Interest, Desire, Action
d. Interest, Attention, Desire, Action

A -> Which of the following methods should NOT be used to capture attention in the opening paragraph of a persuasive message?
a. Use of a hyperlink
b. Use of a rhetorical question
c. Use of an interjection
d. Use of color

D -> Which of the following comments best describes a collection message in the appeal stage?
a. It is a reminder for a customer who forgot to pay.
b. It is not concerned with customer goodwill.
c. It is written from the writer's points of view.
d. It uses the indirect persuasive outline.

C -> What is one way that a sales message differs from other business letters?
a. A sales message may contain inaccurate information.
b. A sales message may emphasize your competitors' strengths.
c. Sentence fragments may be used in a sales message.
d. The you-viewpoint is not important in a sales message.

C -> Which of the following is NOT a persuasive message?
a. Collection
b. Employment
c. Invitation
d. Recommendation

D -> Which of the following statements about collection messages is INCORRECT?
a. Messages in the reminder stage are not considered persuasive.
b. Messages in the warning stage are not concerned with maintaining a customer's goodwill.
c. The number of steps in each stage may vary.
d. The writer of a collection message in the appeal stage should not mention a customer's reputation or credit rating.

B -> The correct order of the three stages of collection messages is
a. appeal, warning, reminder.
b. reminder, appeal, warning.
c. reminder, warning, appeal.
d. warning, reminder, appeal.

D -> Which of the following is the best closing for a persuasive request?
a. If you are unable to chair this committee, let me know so I can contact someone else about the job.
b. If you are willing to lead this group, please let me know at your earliest convenience.
c. Please call me at 555.394.8704 if you are willing to lead this task force.
d. Please e-mail me your response at rita.prosky@gmetric.com by April 24.

B -> Which of the following is NOT a good opening for a persuasive request?
a. Are you interested in hiring competent, motivated individuals?
b. I would like you to apply for the financial analyst position that is open in our department.
c. Meeting you at the grand opening of the Ronald McDonald House last week was a pleasure.
d. Your work on the Thompson project was excellent.

D -> Which of the following situations requires a special claims message?
a. A shipment of 20 glass vases to be used at the company holiday party arrived two weeks prior to the party. Upon unpacking the shipment, you found that six of the vases were broken.
b. A two-year subscription was ordered in April for both Inc. and Money magazine. It is August and your office has not received a copy of either magazine.
c. Your company paid $3,000 to send three employees to a training session on the new version of PeachPit accounting software. The vendor cancelled the training session and rescheduled it at a time and date when your employees cannot attend.
d. Your company recently purchased 15 laptop computers for executives who travel frequently. After two weeks of use, four of the executives indicated that the batteries do not hold a charge for more than an hour.

B -> How many elements are encompassed in the indirect plan?
a. Five
b. Four
c. Six
d. Three

B -> Which of the following would require a persuasive message?
a. A letter accepting an invitation to speak at a local high school career day
b. A proposal asking management to launch a wellness program and exercise facility at your place of work
c. A request for an adjustment to a claim filed for an unauthorized substitution of a product on a recent online order
d. A request for information about someone with whom you work

C -> Which of the following is a guide to be used in constructing the action section of persuasive messages?
a. Avoid giving deadlines; it puts undue pressure on the receiver of the message.
b. Be optimistic that the receiver has read the entire message.
c. Be positive and make taking action easy.
d. Present all the benefits again for the receiver.

C -> Which of the following methods of getting the receiver to take action would NOT be taken seriously by a receiver of a persuasive message?
a. A coupon for a free lunch at Lyla Rae's for completing a customer survey
b. An offer for one month's free cleaning if you sign a one-year contract with the office cleaning service
c. A testimonial claiming you could earn in excess of $50,000 a month with no investment
d. Entry into a drawing for a five-night trip to Las Vegas with all expenses paid

D -> Which of the following is a guide to be used when constructing the desire section of persuasive message?
a. Be honest and mention any negatives so the receiver can make an informed decision.
b. Convince the receiver to continue reading the message.
c. Present the benefits to the receiver.
d. Provide proof of benefits.

C -> What is one of the most important aspects of the indirect plan?
a. It keeps the receiver from getting the negative news.
b. The close stays off the negative subject.
c. The reasoning to justify the negative information is presented before the negative information.
d. The negative information is presented before the reasoning to justify it.

B -> Which of the following statements is NOT an advantage of the indirect plan?
a. It permits reason to prevail.
b. It emphasizes the negative information.
c. It maintains a calm approach.
d. It can change a negative situation to a positive one.

A -> Which of the following negative messages is an example of one that should use the direct plan?
a. Response to a death or tragedy
b. Request refusal
c. Adjustment refusal
d. Credit refusal

C -> The negative information section of a negative message should
a. be placed in a separate paragraph.
b. avoid saying what can be done.
c. come immediately after the logical explanation.
d. offer an apology.

D -> The logical explanation of the indirect plan
a. stresses receiver interests and benefits.
b. uses emphasis techniques.
c. relates to the opening buffer.
d. includes both A and C..

D -> If the opening buffer and logical explanation are effective, the receiver will 
a. be unsure about the meaning of the negative information.
b. not expect the negative information.
c. not need another statement that conveys the negative information.
d. respond favorably to the words you chose for the logical explanation .

B -> Which of the following is NOT a proper way to communicate a credit refusal?
a. Personalized letter
b. Form memo
c. Telephone call
d. Face-to-face conversation

B -> The best way to implement the requirement that de-emphasis techniques be used in the negative information is to
a. start with points that are the most unfavorable to your receiver.
b. address the negative information in the middle of a paragraph.
c. give the negative information in explicit terms.
d. avoid the negative points.

D -> Which of the following openings would be best for a letter in which you are refusing an adjustment?
a. I am sorry that I cannot honor your claim ...
b. Your claim cannot be honored at this time because ...
c. This is to let you know that ...
d. Your recent purchase of a ...

C -> The unsolicited negative message is somewhat different than other negative messages because it is
a. in response to a message.
b. unexpected by the sender.
c. sender initiated.
d. dealing with ethics.

C -> The overall strategy for most negative messages is the
a. direct plan.
b. persuasive plan.
c. indirect plan.
d. goodwill plan.

C -> Which of the following best expresses the negative information in a
request refusal letter?
a. While the time you wanted is not available, feel free to use the 10 a.m. Saturday time period for your meeting.
b. Therefore, I am sorry that I cannot be of assistance at this time.
c. The facility scheduling calendar permits your use of the 10 a.m. Saturday time period for your meeting.
d. The best I can do, however, is to offer you the 10 a.m. Saturday time slot.

B -> In the logical explanation section of the indirect plan, it is important to
a. keep the content as brief as possible.
b. show how the negative information benefits your receiver.
c. use mostly positive words.
d. keep off the subject.

D -> The primary objective of an adjustment refusal letter in a retail business
situation is to
a. sell the customer more merchandise.
b. be optimistic in the close.
c. present convincing reasoning.
d. retain the customer's business.

A -> The negative information in a message should
a. be given quickly.
b. follow the opening.
c. present convincing reasoning.
d. introduce the explanation.

D -> In the friendly close of a negative message, it is best to
a. maintain neutrality
b. provide convincing reasoning.
c. say what can be done.
d. be warm and optimistic.

A -> In the constructive follow-up section of a negative message, you should
a. provide other solutions to the problem.
b. tell the customer that it will never happen again.
c. apologize for the error.
d. stay off the negative subject.

B -> Which of the following best expresses the reason for using the indirect
plan for a negative message?
a. It hides the negative information and takes the receiver's mind off the problem.
b. It enables your receiver to accept the negative information you must give them.
c. It clearly presents the negative information in the opening paragraph.
d. It is a friendlier way of communicating than the direct plan.

C -> Of the following, which is the most effective phrasing for the negative
information?
a. I am sorry to refuse your request for a refund for the microwave oven.
b. Our policy does not permit refunds in cases like this.
c. Rather than a refund, we will be glad to provide instruction on operation of the oven.
d. While we realize you are not completely satisfied with the microwave oven, we believe that with additional training you will be satisfied.

A -> The best opening for an adjustment refusal is
a. I am sorry . . .
b. Your complaint has been received, and. . .
c. We must deny you. . . . .
d. Your letter requesting an adjustment has been received, and . . . .

D -> Which of the following message should NOT be written using the direct plan?
a. An announcement about a new product
b. A letter approving a $45 adjustment on a utility bill.
c. An e-mail asking whether a colleague could represent you at a meeting.
d. A memo announcing that the company day care center will be closed for five weeks during remodeling.

C -> The direct plan is used for positive and neutral business messages because
 
a. a direct plan message can be adapted to letters, memos, and e-mail. 
b. direct plan messages are brief. 
c. placing the main idea early in the message attracts the reader's attention. 
d. this plan is best for building goodwill with the receiver.

A -> Sara Garrett is requesting information about Hugh Rolle, a candidate for a sales position at Better Beverages. Sara will improve her chances of getting a thorough reply if she
a. asks relevant questions and assures the reader responses will be kept confidential.
b. encloses a copy of her company's hiring policy.
c. formats her questions as a vertical list.
d. praises the receivers judgment.

A -> The claim letter differs from other positive and neutral messages using the direct plan because it may
a. contain negative information.
b. include a sales appeal.
c. place blame on the receiver.
d. stress writer benefits.

A -> George Karim's current department store credit card statement includes a charge for merchandise he returned, so he is writing to ask that the charge be removed. To give his claim credibility, George should
a. enclose a copy of the receipt he was given when he returned the merchandise.
b. explain that he is disappointed in the company.
c. ask for $25 for pain and suffering.
d. say he will quit shopping at the store unless his account is corrected within two weeks.

D -> When setting the date by which you want your receiver to reply to your request or claim, you should
a. be flexible; use general time reference such as within the next two weeks. 
b. express the date in standard month, day, year format.
c. show urgency by saying as soon as possible.
d. tell the receiver why meeting your timeline is important.

C -> Andrea Swank is responding to a complaint from a customer who claimed he received poor service at her store. Which of the following statements represents the best close for her message?
a. Again, let me apologize for not giving you the high-quality service you deserve.
b. We look forward to showing you that your experience was a unique incident.
c. Use the enclosed coupon on our next visit to Swanks, where customer satisfaction is our goal.
d. We appreciate your business and hope you will visit us again soon.

B -> In the explanation section of a claim adjustment message, the sender should:
a. apologize for any inconvenience the receiver experienced.
b. focus on what has been done to solve or correct the problem.
c. prove the writer (sender) wasn't at fault.
d. thoroughly describe why the problem occurred.

B -> The key elements in a social business message are:
a. brevity and clarity.
b. honesty and completeness.
c. familiarity with the receiver and goodwill.
d. sincerity and timeliness.

C -> While reading the October issue of her college alumni newsletter, Elise Black learned that Elliot Mumbor, one of her classmates, had received an award the previous March. Elise should:
a. ignore the event because it occurred so long ago.
b. phone Elliot to convey congratulations.
c. send her classmate a greeting card on which she writes a personal message. 
d. write her alumni office and complain that news items are not current.

B -> Todd Pritchert is writing a letter to thank those who volunteered at this year's Downtown Youth Center fundraising event. Which of the following represents the best opening paragraph for his message?
a. Volunteers are the key piece in DYC's fundraising puzzle, and no one appreciates them more than we do! 
b. Time is a precious commodity. By donating your time to this year's DYC fundraiser, you demonstrated your commitment to the youth of Pueblo. We and they are grateful for your efforts.
c. Thank you!. The youth of Pueblo and the staff at DYC are pleased to announce that this year's fundraising event was the most successful in our 12-year history.
d. The smile on your face told us you enjoyed volunteering at this year's DYC fundraising event. So, mark your calendar now and sign up to help again next year!

D -> Which of the following closings would be best in a letter to a friend and co-worker whose fiance died in an auto accident?
a. Be patient. Time heals, and you'll be back to normal soon. 
b. Again, please accept my sympathy for your loss.
c. Terry was a good friend; I don't know how I'll fill the gap. 
d. Let's get together for dinner later this month and talk about the good times you, Terry, and I shared.

C -> Party Palace has relocated and plans to hold an open house to showcase it's new facility. Which of the following openings best reflects appropriate use of the direct plan for the invitation to this event? 
a. Party Palace is open in its new location, and we're celebrating!
b. Date: October 11
Time: 9 AM to 9 PM
Dress: Casual--party hats provided on site
c. Please join us as we celebrate the opening of Party Palace's new store!
d. Please complete and return the enclosed card saying you'll attend our open house.

C -> What type of social business message is most likely to use an RSVP?
a. Appreciation
b. Holiday greeting
c. Invitation
d. Welcome

D -> Which of the following should be considered when determining the formality of a goodwill message?
a. Cost
b. Timeliness in sending the message
c. Length of message
d. Familiarity with the receiver

C -> The correct order for the parts of a direct plan message is
a. explanation, solution, sales appeal, and friendly close.
b. explanation, sales appeal, persuasion, and friendly close.
c. opening, explanation, sales appeal, and friendly close.
d. opening, sales appeal, explanation, and friendly close.

C -> What should the writer of an adjustment approval message do with the friendly close?
a. Apologize for the damages.
b. Combine it with the explanation.
c. Keep it short.
a. Assure the customer that it will not happen again.

D -> Peter Wently encouraged his friend Silas to contact ABC Promotions to inquire about the cost of a specialty calendar to send clients at the end of the year. In the opening to his message, Silas should:
a. describe the nature of his business.
b. explain why he wants to give his clients an end-of-year gift.
c. mention Peter as the person from he learned about ABC Promotions.
d. say he needs information about a specialty calendar.

B -> Which of the following items is typically omitted from an invitation?
a. Date and time of function
b. Signature
c. Suggested dress
d. Whether the receiver may bring a guest

D -> A request for a reply to an invitation is shown on the invitation as
a. a direct request.
b. a postscript.
c. an enclosure.
d. an RSVP.

B -> Which of the following items is not considered to be a standard letter part?
a. Complimentary close
b. Enclosure notation
c. Heading
d. Reference initials

D -> Which of the following date displays is correct for a business letter?
a. 03/06/2011
b. 12 Oct. 2011
c. 2011 January 07
d. May 16, 2011

C -> Which of the following statements about letterhead stationery is incorrect?
a. It should not extend beyond the top two inches of the page. 
b. It may be professionally printed or created with computer software and a printer.
c. Only contact information should be included in a letterhead.
d. Some letterhead information can be printed at the bottom of the sheet.

C -> Ruthann Rodgers is writing a personal business letter to her bank. Which of the following represents the correct format for the heading of her letter?
a. August 6, 2011
1234 Avenue C
Denver, CO 75926-3882
b. Ruthann Rodgers
1234 Avenue C
Denver, CO 75926-3882
August 6, 2011
c. 1234 Avenue C
Denver, CO 75926-3882
August 6, 2011
d. August 6, 2011
Ruthann Rodgers
1234 Avenue C
Denver, CO 75926-3882

A -> When a message extends to two or more pages, 
a. key the receiver's name, the page number, and the date starting one inch from the top edge of the paper.
b. place the heading items two inches from the top of the sheet.
c. the text begins on line 7.
d. repeat the inside address and the date as shown on the first page of the document.
e. use letterhead, and place the date two inches form the top edge of the paper.

B -> If less than a full paragraph of letter text can be carried to a continuation page, the writer should:
a. choose a larger font and use wider margins.
b. revise the message to fit on one page.
c. select a smaller font.
d. use narrower margins.

A -> A writer may use street abbreviations (e.g., St. for Street) within an inside address when:
a. abbreviating the word will create a balanced display.
b. correspondence from the receiver uses such abbreviations.
c. the writer is confident the receiver will understand the abbreviation. 
d. the writer is in a hurry.

C -> Which of the following salutations works best in a letter addressed to the attention of Barb Colby, the Marketing Manager at Jeckyl Manufacturing Company? 
a. Dear Barb:
b. Dear Ms. Colby:
c. Ladies and Gentlemen:
d. To Whom it May Concern:

A -> Margo Clark keyed a letter written by Bill Ramkin and signed by D'Wayne Bullock. Which of the following sets of reference initials best represents this situation?
a. BR:mc
b. DB/mc
c. DB/BR:mc
d. mc

D -> The letter format in which a subject line is standard rather than supplementary is the:
a. full block format.
b. modified block format.
c. modified block format with indented paragraphs.
d. simplified format.

C -> The inside address of a letter is keyed
a. at least 2 inches beneath the date
b. at the center of the page in the modified block letter style.
c. at the left margin.
d. two inches form the top edge of the paper.

A -> Marge Bourdeau is writing a business letter to James Wayne and wants to use mixed punctuation. Which of the following pairs should she select?
a. Dear Mr. Wayne: Sincerely,
b. Dear Mr. Wayne: Sincerely
c. Dear Mr. Wayne, Sincerely
d. Dear Mr. Wayne Sincerely
e. Dear Mr. Wayne Sincerely,

D -> Under what circumstances should a writer include his or her courtesy title as part of the keyed signature in a business letter?
a. Always
b. Never
c. When needed for balance
d. When needed for clarity

A -> If the person who signs the letter is not the same person who keys or writes the letter, the writer's reference initials should be
a. keyed on one line before the keyboarder's initials.
b. keyed in place of the keyboarder's initials.
c. noted only on the file copy of the document.
d. omitted.

A -> Which of the following statements about the company name in the signature block is correct?
a. It is not used when the message is keyed on letterhead stationery.
b. It may be used with any letter format.
c. It should be keyed beneath the writer's name.
d. It should be keyed in a mixture of upper- and lower-case letters.

B -> The mailing address on an envelope should be
a. double spaced.
b. identical to the inside address of the letter.
c. keyed in italic type to resemble handwriting.
d. keyed in uppercase letters.

B -> The two standard letter parts omitted from the simplified letter format are the
a. Attention Line and Subject Line
b. Complimentary Close and Salutation
c. Heading and Postscript
d. Signature Block and Enclosure Notation
e. Subject Line and Reference Initials

D -> Which of the following is NOT an advantage of using high-quality stationery?
a. Excellent texture.
b. Long life.
c. Personalized watermark.
d. Purchase price.
e. Superior appearance.

C -> The boxes into which variables are entered when using e-mail software are called
a. formats.
b. headings.
c. message composition templates.
d. options.

D -> Which of the following has a variation that allows paragraphs to be indented?
a. E-mail
b. Full Block
c. Memo
d. Modified Block
e. Simplified

C -> E-mail is said to resemble a memo because
 a. it is an internal communication method.
 b. it is informal.
 c. it uses the same headings.
 d. spelling, grammar, and punctuation are unimportant.

D -> Which of the following is NOT an advantage of written messages?
 a. Written messages accommodate lengthy and complex content.
 b. Written messages can be reread, studied, edited, and revised.
 c. Written messages provide a permanent record.
 d. Written messages allow an accurate response in a shorter time frame because there are no nonverbal cues to be interpreted.

B -> To achieve the goals and purposes of your message when a message is written for multiple receivers, the messages must be understandable to the receiver in the group with
 a. the least amount of subject knowledge, the lowest vocabulary level, and the least emotional opposition to the message.
 b. the least amount of subject knowledge, the lowest vocabulary level, and the most emotional opposition to the message.
 c. the most amount of subject knowledge, the highest vocabulary level, and the least emotional opposition to the message.
 d. the most amount of subject knowledge, the highest vocabulary level, and the most emotional opposition to the message.

C -> Readability formulas
 a. check the actual words used in a message.
 b. determine the manner in which words are combined into sentences in messages.
 c. indicate the vocabulary level at which a message is written.
 d. measure the average length of sentences, the percentage of difficult words in a message, and the accuracy of the message.

A -> Why are short subject lines desirable in e-mail?
 a. A long subject line could be truncated by the receiver's e-mail system.
 b. Long subject lines duplicate too much of the message.
 c. Subject lines waste the writer's time because readers don't use them.
 d. They are easier to write than long subject lines.

C -> Oral messages are considered unsuitable for complex messages because
 a. it is easy for the receiver to become distracted.
 b. oral communication should be reserved for informal messages.
 c. receivers have limited time to reflect on them.
 d. the sender could become confused while delivering the message.

B -> Which of the following is an effective method for overcoming writer's block?
 a. Choose a quiet place to write where there is absolutely no noise.
 b. Divide the writing project into smaller, more manageable parts.
 c. Draft your document starting at the beginning and progress through the body to the closing.
 d. Stay with the same writing process for the entire project.

B -> Websites should be updated at least once a 
 a. month.
 b. quarter.
 c. week.
 d. year.

D -> A message with an overly low vocabulary level will probably
 a. be best for most groups of receivers.
 b. be well received because receivers will be made to feel intelligent.
 c. not be understood clearly by receivers because some or many of the words will rarely be used by them.
 d. not hold the attention of the receivers.

D -> Which of the following best illustrates important e-mail text?
 a. The report is due Friday!!!
 b. "The report is due Friday."
 c. *The report is due Friday.*
 d. THE REPORT IS DUE FRIDAY.

A -> The four areas in which you analyze the receiver of a message are
a. knowledge, interests, attitudes, and emotional reaction.
b. knowledge, interests, attitudes, and gender.
c. knowledge, interests, emotional reaction, and age.
d. knowledge, interests, emotional reaction, and culture.

D -> Which of the following is the three-step process for developing business messages?
a. Analyze receiver and situation, select organizational plan, and compose message content.
b. Determine purposes, analyze receiver and situation, and compose message content.
c. Plan, compose, proofread.
d. Plan, draft, finalize.

A -> Which of the following is NOT part of the planning process?
a. Apply the principles of business communication.
b. Establish purposes.
c. Outline the message content.
d. Select the organizational plan.

D -> The best organizational plan and best type of message for persuading someone to donate to a community project that feeds the homeless is a(n)
a. direct, oral message.
b. direct, written message.
c. indirect, oral message.
d. indirect, written message.

C -> Which of the following is NOT a step in the proofreading process?
a. Pay special attention to names, numbers, and unusual words.
b. Read the material once for content, once for mechanics.
c. Read the material to a colleague bottom to top.
d. Use your word processing software spell checker to check for spelling errors.

B -> The revising process includes all but which one of the following?
a. Checking to see that business communication principles have been applied
b. Determining whether the message is mechanically correct
c. Thinking about the visual image the message creates
d. Verifying the content for accuracy and completeness

D -> Which of the following is an appropriate situation in which to use e-mail?
a. Cancellation of a meeting scheduled for this afternoon
b. Discussion of a job performance evaluation
c. Negotiation of a salary increase
d. Reminder of an upcoming deadline for budget submissions

B -> An advantage of an oral message is that it
a. accommodates lengthy and complex content.
b. allows for immediate feedback.
c. can have legal value.
d. provides a permanent record.

C -> Which of the following is the best subject line for an e-mail message?
a. Budget Request
b. Budget Request and Performance Appraisal Due
c. Budget Request Due February 15
d. FW: RE: FW: FW: Budget Request

A -> Which of the following statements about instant messaging is NOT true?
a. A professional tone with no slang is a hallmark of instant messaging.
b. The content of an instant message should be limited to one or two thoughts.
c. The message length is limited.
d. The most-used feature of instant messaging is the "away" message alert.

A -> A sentence structured with the subject as the receiver of the action is written with
a. passive voice.
b. active voice.
c. objective case.
d. emphasis on the verb.

C -> In most business letters, the shortest paragraphs are
a. the middle paragraphs.
b. the paragraphs with the most detail about the topic.
c. the first and last paragraphs.
d. both a and b.

A -> Two types of agreement that are important in sentence structure are between the
a. pronoun and its antecedent.
b. adjective and the noun modified.
c. adverbs and verbs.
d. dependent and independent clauses.

D -> What emphasis technique is used when you organize two ideas in a complex sentence, with one idea emphasized in an independent clause and another de-emphasized in a dependent clause?
a. Format
b. Keywords
c. Length
d. Sentence structure

A -> Strong verbs that express action and specific nouns that creat a visual mind image are sometimes called
 a. strong or power words.
b. obsolete words.
c. negative words..
d. redundant words.

A -> Emphasizing words by mechanical means
a. special formatting such as boldface, italics, underlines, and color.
b. using strong words instead of weak words.
c. remembering to add " thank you" in the last paragraph of each letter..
d. ending the paragraph by repeating the main idea.

C -> In business letters and reports, short paragraphs average
a. 8 to 10 lines.
b. over one line.
c. 4 to 5 lines.
d. 2 to 3 lines.

D -> In business reports, long paragraphs have
a. over 6 lines.
b. 6 to 7 lines.
c. 8 lines or more.
d. 12 lines or more.

B -> Unless there is an important reason to place it elsewhere in a business letter paragraph, the topic sentence should be
a. in the middle of the paragraph.
b. placed first in the paragraph.
c. the last sentence in the paragraph.
d. omitted from the paragraph.

A -> Three ways to emphasize ideas are by
 a. length, location, and sentence structure.
 b. repetition, mechanics, and competition.
 c. explicitness, strong words, and imprecise meanings.
 d. placement at the beginning of a sentence, placement at the end, and 
 addition of several modifiers of the subject.

A -> Which words are examples of obsolete words?
a. enclosed herewith
b. get over it
c. bottom line
d. unhappy

C -> A sentence in a paragraph that helps your receiver move from one aspect of the subject to another is called a
a. contrasting sentence
b. unified sentence
c. tie-in sentence
d. structural sentence

B -> Of the following sentences, which would be unbiased?
a. The white teacher spoke to the inner-city youths.
b. Mrs. Smith talked with the students about the difficulties experienced by single-parent families.
c. The Jewish lady moved into an upscale townhouse in Manhatten.
d. Mr. Brown, 85, spent Thanksgiving with his family.

C -> Composing with style means
a. using formal language.
b. using unusual words.
c. using clear, concise words that convey your personality.
d. using language that creates a sense of mystery for the reader.

C -> Which of the words below is most likely to be understood for a middle-level receiver?
a. hermetic
b. hilarity
c. enjoyment
d. heuristic

C -> The words that communicate best are usually those that are
a. words that you know best
b. words that will increase the receiver's vocabulary because he or she will need to check a dictionary for the meaning.
c. words slightly below your receiver's vocabulary level
d. words slightly above your receiver's vocabulary level

D -> Which of the following sentences lacks agreement of subject and verb?
a. The fifth grade class has recess at 10 a.m.
b. Mary and Janice go to the grocery each day.
c. Martina or her children were always at home on Saturdays.
d. Each year supervisors reminds their staff of Internet-use policies.

C -> A sentence structure that allows one idea to be emphasized and one idea to be de-emphasized is the
a. simple sentence
b. short sentence
c. complex sentence
d. compound sentence

D -> Which of the following words is not a transitional word or phrase?
a. second
b. finally
c. for example
d. readily

B -> Which one of the following incorrect sentences lacks parallelism?
a. Managing the store, practicing violin, and attending classes keeps Mary busy.
b. Leave your practice problems on the desk, your homework should be completed, and be ready for tomorrow's test..
c. Jane Harris, who lives in Martinville, sings in their community choir each year.
d. Marsha, John, and Milton take a bicycle ride each evening.

B -> Which one of the following statements is NOT true of paraphrasing?
 a. Restates the author's ideas or words in your own words but retain the 
 original author's meaning.
b. Does not need a citation added.
c. Is unethical and can be illegal if it violates copyright laws.
d. Rewording another person's ideas to make them appear to be your own is unethical.

A -> Which one of the following statements is NOT true or NOT required for a legal contract?
a. A contract must be written on a legal form.
b. There must be an offer and acceptance.
c. All parties to the contract must be competent.
d. Consideration must be present. (money, motive, or promise)

C -> Laws that require contracts be written so consumers can understand them are 
 called 
a. express contracts.
b. implied contracts.
c. plain English laws.
d. warranties.

B -> The Federal Truth-in-Lending Act requires
a. what debt collectors can and cannot do.
b. full disclosure of all charges and effective annual interest rate.
c. requires fair treatment by debt collectors.
d. sets the terms and conditions of certain types of loans.

A -> The Labor Management Relations Act
a. guides communication between management and workers concerning union activity.
b. prohibits discrimination against workers over 40 years of age.
c. requires affirmative action in hiring practices.
d. allows employees to access information about themselves.

A -> The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
a. protects the privacy of student information.
b. requires employers to allow employee leave for family illness.
c. limits the use of personnel information to the purpose for which it was collected.
d. defines bona fide occupational qualifications (BFOQ).

B -> The Americans with Disabilities Act
a. applies to firms with 50 or more employees, including part time.
b. prohibits an employer from eliminating a qualified applicant who has a disability if he or she can perform essential job functions with reasonable accommodations.
c. requires the employer to question the applicant about the disability to assess whether he or she can function in the advertise position.
d. describes certain restrictions concerning scheduling and notice requirements.

D -> To be an ethical communicator, you should NOT do which of the following?
a. Determine exactly what ethical communication is.
b. Adopt principles that help you choose ethical message content.
c. Strive for the highest good for all involved and provide information that is fully adequate for the circumstance.
d. Measure the ethics of the communication by what is commonly accepted and practiced by those with whom you work.

A -> What approximate percent of all Fortune 500 companies have codes of ethics?
a. 90%.
b. 50%.
c. 66%
d. 33%.

D -> Which one of the following statements is NOT true based on what you read in this chapter?
a. In many communication situations, you will be faced with gray areas when making decisions about right or wrong.
b. Ethics codes are often in handbooks and placed on company websites.
c. A code of ethics is not effective unless it guides employees' behavior with clear direction about temptations common to the position.
d. If your employer directs you to do something, you are not responsible for making an ethical decision even though it violates your own values and principles.

B -> Which of the following attributes is NOT required for ethical messages?
a. Truthful
b. Full disclosure
c. Respect and concern for the needs of persons affected
d. Not taking responsibility but attributing the decision to someone else

B -> Which of the following e-mail practices is illegal?
a. Sending animated greetings through business e-mail.
b. Sending and receiving child pornography. 
c. Shopping on the Internet at work.
d. Refusing to sign the employer's Internet policy.

D -> Which of the following represents circumstances that help interpret fair use of 
 copyrighted materials?
a. Purpose and character of the use.
b. The amount and portion of the work used in relation to the total work.
c. Effect of the use upon the value of the copyrighted work.
d. All of the above.

A -> Which of the following is NOT true of the use of copyrighted material?
a. If you do not see a copyright notice on the material, you know it is free of 
 copyright. 
b. You do not have to cite a source for information that is general knowledge.
c. If you are quoting material, quote it accurately.
d. Give credit to the source for either quotes or paraphrased material.

B -> Illegally using the Internet to gain unauthorized access to computer systems of 
 others or deliberately attempting to destroy data or spread computer viruses is 
 called
a. piracy.
b. computer fraud.
c. slander.
d. phishing.

A -> Which of the following is NOT a requirement of a valid contract?
a. written on a contract form
b. competency of parties
c. offer and acceptance
d. legal subject matter

C -> What law protects the right of employees to access information about themselves.
a. Fair Credit Billing Act
b. Federal Truth-in-Lending Act
c. Privacy Act
d. Fair Debt Collection Act

B -> What law prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, or national origin when hiring, firing, compensating, or applying other employment conditions?
a. Americans with Disabilities Act
b. Civil Rights Act
c. Privacy Act
d. Federal Ethical Management Act

D -> What law gives employees the right of access to information about themselves?
a. The Civil Rights Act
b. FERPA
c. Labor-Management Relations Act
d. Privacy Act

A -> A bona fide occupational qualification means
a. an essential function of the job
b. a method of evaluating employees
c. disability accommodations are not required
d. a, b, and c

D -> False statements, either written or oral, that injure the reputation or character of another person but cause no monetary camages are called
a. false warranties
b. fraud
c. libel
d. defamation

D -> Which condition is NOT a condition to prove fraud?
a. spoken words
c. deceit that causes monetary damage
b. concealment of a material fact
d. accidental misrepresentation

B -> Federal law requires manufacturers and sellers to stand behind a purchase of a major product. A promise made willingly by the seller is called an
a. Universal law
b. Express warranty
c. Uniform warranty
d. Implied warranty

D -> Which of the following are means of acquainting employees with organizational policies on the use of e-mail, Internet, and other company resources?
a. employee handbook
b. statement of the policy signed by employees
c. Organizational website
d. a, b, and c

C -> Fraud is not committed unless this condition is present
a. a Code of Conduct is violated.
b. No family relationship exists between the two parties.
c. Misrepresentation with intent to deceive.
d. A person's reputation is injured with no monetary damage.

C -> In a survey of 101 global executives, the cultural difference they considered most challenging was
 a. adjustment to different laws and ethics.
 b. workdays, workweeks, and holidays. 
 c. communication and language. 
 d. time, space, and power structures.

D -> Which of the following is NOT considered characteristic of a low-context culture?
 a. High value on individualism 
 b. Focus on success and profitability 
 c. More value placed on words than shared background 
 d.. Reliance on long-term relationships and underlying meanings

A -> Among the following cultural attributes, the one(s) generally valued by the people in 
 China are
 a. valuing family and group authority. 
 b. communicating directly.
 c. frequently using hand gestures and facial expressions.
 d.. being addressed as Mr.

B -> Most multinational business communication is conducted in 
 a. Spanish. 
 b. English. 
 c. French. 
 d. German.

C -> German culture appreciates business communication that 
 a. begins with small talk. 
 b. is indirect. 
 c. makes rules explicit. 
 d. relies on informal understandings.

C -> In adapting to language differences in another country, which of the following 
 behaviors are NOT good practices? 
 a. Learn as much as you can of the native language. 
 b. Observe and learn language patterns and nonverbal communication. 
 c. Regardless of your receiver's communication style preference and cultural
 values, express your main message content as you normally would. 
 d. Show respect for the cultural values in that country.

C -> Which of the following is NOT a key strategy for effective global communication?
 a. Review business communication principles. 
 b. Analyze the message receiver. 
 c. Spend a few minutes in small talk before leaving. 
 d. Learn about other cultures and apply what you learn.

C -> Mexican culture places a high value on 
 a. family.
 b. direct communication. 
 c. individual welfare. 
 d. a disregard for status and different power strata.

A -> An example of being open to and accepting of other culture include
a. understanding that cultures differ in what they do and believe and respecting
 those differences. 
 b. maintaining your networks with colleagues and having only limited contact
 with person from cultures different from yours. 
 c. expecting punctuality, honesty, and directness from everyone regardless of
 cultural background. 
 d. feeling offended when small groups of people at the conference speak to
 each other in their native language.

C -> When working with an interpreter,
 a. maintain eye contact with the interpreter while you speak.
 b. use long introductory phrases.
 c. permit your interpreter to explain your remarks or to ask you questions if 
 necessary. 
 d. concentrate on your interpreter while speaking to be sure he or she
 understands you..

B -> Persons who live and work in a country other than their own are referred to as a/an
 a. transnational. 
 b. expatriate. 
 c. multinational. 
 d. global CEO.

B -> When working with a translator, you should
 a. select someone with foreign language software experience. 
 b. provide for back translation to check for errors. 
 c. select someone who is a specialist in the language other than yours. 
 d. select someone with a knowledge of the formal language structure rather than an 
 interpreter who knows the language nuances.

A -> Five generally recognized core cultural dimensions are
a. ethnicity, race, gender, age, and physical challenge.
b. corporate, multicultural, language, ethnicity, and global.
c. English, German, Scandinavian, French, and Japanese.
d. friends, colleagues, employers, employees, and family.

D -> In Germany business communication generally requires that business transactions
a. begin with small talk.
b. are indirectly discussed.
c. rely on informal relationships and. understandings
d. focuses on getting the job done..

A -> The primary business language, even in countries for which English is the second language, is
a. English
b. indirect
c. French
d. Spanish

D -> Examples of communication challenges in a global environment are
a. Not understanding cultural differences
b. Differences in time
c. Words that have different meanings and connotations and different language patterns for parts of speech
d. a, b, and c

B -> Cultural barriers that prohibit effective multicultural communication include
a. cultural relativism, ethnocentrism, and lack of global experience.
b. Discrimination and harrassment, language, cultural relativism, and ethnocentrism.
c. quid pro quo, high-context culture, and the acceptance of the needs of others.
d. stereotypes, hostile environment, and a common business language.

A -> Global communication challenges include
a. variations in time, holidays, days in a workweek, and language.
b. direct and indirect communication styles, belief that there is more than one right way, and shared meanings.
c. lack of understanding of other cultures and placing a high value on mutual understanding.
d. productivity and favorable relationships.

B -> Countries with a general preference for indirect communication are likely also to
a. value individualism.
b. value family and group authority.
c. place a higher value on words than shared background.
d. favor structured messages with technical details.

D -> Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of language variations?
a. Translation of slogans may have different meanings.
b. Words such as "gift" may have a different meaning.
c. The use and arrangement of parts of speech vary in different languages.
d. Nonverbal signals are the same or similar in different countries; for example, a smile is a smile.

C -> The belief that your own cultural traditions and values are correct and superior is
a. cultural relativism.
b. a stereotype.
c. ethnocentrism.
d. quid pro quo.

C -> Strategies for effective global communication include
a. communicating by telephone instead of e-mail or postal mail.
b. using a translator when speaking to a person whose English is a second language.
c. learning about other cultures and applying what you learn.
d. avoiding use of any words in a language other than your own to avoid being incorrect.

D -> Unlike journalistic or creative writing, business writing is:
a. brief.
b. structured.
c. topical.
d. transactional.

C -> It was nearly 2 a.m. when Jaynell Washington arrived at her hotel; she was tired and hungry. When she asked the desk clerk how to get to the hotel coffee shop, she was told it was closed. Disappointed, she went to her room. About 15 minutes later, the desk clerk arrived at Jaynell's room with a plate of cheese and fresh fruit. The clerk refused the tip Jaynell offered, and no food charge was added to her bill. By doing more than was expected, the desk clerk helped achieve the business communication goal of:
a. receiver understanding. 
b. receiver response.
c. favorable relationship.
d. organizational goodwill.

D -> A communicator's status within an organization has the greatest influence in:
a. grapevine communication.
b. horizontal communication.
c. network communication.
d. vertical communication.

C -> Which of the following terms best describes the grapevine as a communication pattern?
a. Diagonal
b. Informal
c. Serial
d. Verbal

E -> Tasha Gibbs, a clerk at Memories and More, must notify Alec Preble that the crystal vase he special ordered as a gift for his grandmother on her 70th birthday arrived with a crack in the base. Tasha has ordered a replacement vase, but it won't be delivered before Alec leaves for Grandma Preble's party. What method should Tasha use to convey her message?
a. E-mail
b. Face-to-face meeting
c. Letter
d. Memo
e. Telephone call

C -> A receiver's concerns and needs are considered in which element of audience analysis?
a. Attitudes
b. Emotional Reaction
c. Interests
d. Knowledge

A -> Culture should be considered as part of which audience analysis element?
a. Attitudes
b. Emotional Reaction
c. Interests
d. Knowledge

C -> Which of the following sentences best reflects the you-viewpoint?
a. Bank with RiverCity Bank, the friendliest bank in town!
b. Make RiverCity Bank your bank.
c. To get the service you need and the respect you deserve, bank with River City Bank.
d. You'll like RiverCity Bank's location and services.

D -> Which of the following is NOT a formal message?
a. A company's web page.
b. An e-mail announcing a new health-care benefit for employees.
c. The CEO speaking to employees at a company meeting. 
d. Two employees discussing job sharing while at the company holiday party.

B -> The phrase "talking a mile a minute" is an example of a/an:
a. denotation.
b. idiom.
c. inference.
d. metaphor.

B -> Business communication can be described as
a. all contacts inside and outside an organization.
b. establishing a common understanding within a business environment.
c. preparing letters and memos.
d. the transmission of data and information in the business environment.

A -> Formal communication in an organization
a. flows in all directions.
b. is essential for effective personal relationships.
c. is not essential for the operation of a business.
d. is not planned by the organization.

C -> The sender analyzes the receiver's knowledge so that the sender can
a. avoid making a negative impression.
b. choose the approach to use in the message.
c. compose the message at the proper level.
d. emphasize receiver benefits.

D -> The grapevine is an other name for
a. informal communication.
b. interoffice communicating.
c. network communication.
d. serial communication.

A -> The casual or informal way in which English is used is known as
a. colloquial language.
b. conversation.
c. denotation.
d. slang.

A -> Amber Case is a sales representative for an office equipment company. Last week, Amber called on Billings Concrete and learned from the office manager, Bob Rydell, that the company was having problems with its aging photocopier. When Amber checked her e-mail Tuesday morning, she found an e-mail from Bob asking about the cost of a new copier with the same features as the company's current unit. In response, Amber prepared a letter in which she described the features, benefits, and costs of two models. This situation is an example of 
a. informal request, formal response.
b. formal request; formal response.
c. formal request; formal response.
d. formal request; informal response.

D -> The essential elements in a solicited external proposal are:
a. contained in the response to a letter of inquiry.
b. held confidential.
c. identified by the proposal writer.
d. specified in the RFP.

A -> Which section of an RFP outlines the parameters to be used in selecting the successful proposal?
a. Evaluation Criteria
b. Proposal Guidelines
c. Restrictions
d. Vendor Requirements

B -> When the format for an RFP to which you are responding doesn't call for information that you think is important, you should
a. attach an explanatory letter.
b. integrate the information into sections that fit the format. 
c. omit the information.
d. place the information in an appendix.

B -> Which proposal section sets the context for the reader, reviews the highlights of the proposal, and encourages action?
a. Background
b. Cover letter or memo
c. Summary
d. Title page

D -> Which of the following titles is best for an unsolicited proposal to an agency that funds community-based projects?
a. A Proposal Requesting Funding to Expand Arts Programming at Stone Ridge Senior Center in South Dakota.
b. A Study of Three Methods of Training Teenage Babysitters
c. Rock and Roll Meets Rap
d. The Green Thumb Project: Teaching Inner-City Youth about Gardening

D -> The legal structure of a business should be described in which section of a business plan?
a. Administration/production factors
b. Appendix
c. Financial information
d. Ownership/management/staffing

B -> A policy statement should be written
a. general for all employees.
b. general for managers and specific for nonmanagerial employees.
c. specific for all employees.
d. specific for managers and general for nonmanagerial employees.

B -> The inverted pyramid format is used with
a. executive summaries.
b. news releases.
c. performance appraisals.
d. policy statements.

B -> Which of the following statements is NOT true of performance appraisals?
a. They may be written directly or indirectly, depending on the situation.
b. They may include humor if audience analysis dictates it will be well received.
c. They should be brief.
d. They should include factual evidence of strong or weak performance.

B -> From a writer's viewpoint, proposals are
a. certainties.
b. opportunities.
c. requirements.
d. responsibilities.

D -> A proposal written in response to an RFP issued by a government agency is best described as what type of proposal?
a. Federal
b. Informal
c. Internal
d. Solicited

A -> When preparing the cover for an unsolicited proposal to a foundation, a writer should consider
a. culture and image of the foundation.
b. culture and image of the submitter's organization.
c. time and cost.
d. what is being requested (e.g. money or goods).

A -> The most important proposal element in the following list is the
a. description of the proposed solution.
b. evaluation plan.
c. problem or need.
d. proposal summary.

B -> The best approach for writing a long, complex proposal is
a. a team of writers.
b. a team of writers with an individual writer providing coherence.
c. a team of writers with a team of readers giving feedback.
d. an individual writer with a team of readers giving feedback

A -> Which of the following is NOT true of business plans?
a. The plan is a short, simple document.
b. The plan should be crafter to attract attention, gain interest, build desire, and request specific action.
c. They may be used to gain support for starting or expanding a business.
b. They should reflect the principles of business communication.

D -> In which section of a business plan should the writer describe the pricing strategy for the proposed business?
a. Executive Summary
b. Financial Information
c. Growth and Development Potential and Plans
d. Product/Service/Market Identification

A -> Which of the following items should be excluded from a news release?
a. Conclusion
b. Contact information
c. Details
d. Summary

C -> Which of the following shows that a news release is continued on a second page?
a. more
b. over
c. -30-
d. ***

C -> Which of the following is correct for the use of source notes for visual aids?
a. Acknowledging sources of visual aids is not as critical as acknowledging sources of the text material.
b. A source note should be used whenever content of an illustration is originated by the writer.
c. The source note goes below the illustration; however, APA uses the italicized word Note followed by a period before the resource information.
d. Traditional style for a source note uses the word Source (not italicized) followed by a semicolon.

A -> In APA format, each table is numbered separately and referred to as a (an)
a. Table.
b. Chart.
c. Illustration.
d. Figure.

B -> Which chart is best in demonstrating differences in values within variables by dividing each bar into its parts?
a. Broken-bar chart
b. Stacked-bar chart
c. Multiple-bar chart
d. Positive-negative bar chart

D -> Which of the following statements is NOT true of visual aids in business reports?
a. Selecting either APA or traditional style to format illustrations and following it promotes consistency and a professional appearance in written reports.
b. Using visual aids helps communicate ideas and improve retention.
c. Placing visual aids in the appendix is preferred rather than the body of the report if they are indirectly related to the text or of interest to only a few readers.
d. Placing the number and title above a figure follows APA style.

B -> The best visual aid to illustrate step-by-step progression of a complex procedure is a (an)
a. line graph.
b. flowchart.
c. organization chart.
d. stacked-bar graph.

D -> Physical objects are sometimes passed around as part of a presentation. Which of the following statements is NOT true about their use?
a. Use of a physical object introduces the sensory dimension of touch.
b. Use of a physical object may be a distraction from listening.
c. Use of a physical object may involve a cutaway model to show parts.
d. Use of a physical object does not reinforce the message.

B -> Slides or transparencies work well with groups of different sizes. Which one of the following statements is NOT true about their use for presentations.
a. The beginning, the ending, and the most important points of the presentation should be used as content for presentation slides or transparencies.
b. Type should be in uppercase letters to be easily read.
c. Font sizes should be 36 point for titles and 24 point for bulleted text.
d. As a general rule, keywords rather than complete sentences should be used on slides or transparencies.

A -> Which of the following is NOT true of titles of illustrations for business reports?
a. For APA and traditional styles, titles are placed under a figure.
b. Traditional style centers the heading of a table or figure and uses all upper-case letters for the title.
c. Consistency in numbering, placement, and formatting visual aids within a report is important.
d. In APA style, the title of a table or a figure, along with the table or figure number, begins at the left margin.

C -> Which two of the following charts does not begin with zero at the bottom, extreme left?
a. simple bar charts
b. Multiple-line charts
c. Positive-negative bar charts
d. Stacked-bar charts

A -> Which visual aid is best to illustrate how the parts of a whole are distributed?
a. Pie chart
b. Flowchart
c. Bar chart
d. Line chart

C -> Which of the following statements about resource notes is correct?
a. The word Source or Note is followed by a semicolon.
b. The resource note is placed above the illustration.
c. The word Source or Note is followed by a colon.
d. The word Source or Note should be in all uppercase letters.

A -> The best graphic aid to illustrate changes over time is the
a. line graph.
b. pie chart.
c. multiple bar graph.
d. pictograph.

A -> A positive-negative bar graph
a. shows plus or minus deviations from a fixed reference point.
b. shows changes over time.
c. shows changes in more than one value at a time.
d. shows comparisons of one part of a variable to other parts.

C -> In a formal business report, a colorful visual aid should
a. not be used.
b. be placed at the start of the report to gain the reader's attention.
c. be placed following the reference to the visual aid.
d. be placed in the appendix with the rest of the illustrations.

A -> The most appropriate labeling of the fourth figure in Chapter 3 of a written report is
a. Figure 4 or Figure 3.4.
b. Illustration Four.
c. Table IV.
d. figure 4.3.

D -> Which of the following statements is NOT correct?
a. Each visual aid should have a purpose.
b. A graph shows relationships between different items or shows trends.
c. A table displays categories of data in an orderly display of columns and rows.
d. Using the chart function of Word makes construction of tables easy.

B -> To use words to show categories of information about ten different items, the best visual aid would be a/an
a. pictograph.
b. word table.
c. line graph.
d. flowchart.

C -> Which of the following statements is NOT true of organization charts?
a. Most organizations place senior positions at the top of the chart.
b. Solid connecting lines show supervisory and direct reporting relationships.
c. An organization chart can depict only an entire organization.
d. Broken or dotted lines depict advisory and collaborative relationships.

B -> Which of the following statements is NOT true of simple bar graphs?
a. The length of a horizontal bar indicates quantity; the height indicates quantity for a vertical bar.
b. The width of bars may differ throughout the graph.
c. If the width of the bars becomes too narrow, the data should be divided into categories and presented in more than one graph.
d. If you need to depict large amounts in the graph, you may use a broken-bar graph.

D -> Which of the following statements is NOT true?
a. Bar and line graphs are the most frequently used graphs in business
organizations.
b. A line graph shows a line or lines on an equally divided grid.
c. Consistent bar and image size is a principle for creating and
interpreting pictographs and bar graphs.
d. For trend data, leaving out some time periods has no effect on
data conclusions from a graph.

A -> An open-ended question
a. can be used when background information is required.
b. does not work well if the receiver or situation is emotional.
c. may be leading.
d. may be perceived as threatening.

A -> A small group meeting participant spends most of his or her time
a. listening.
b. organizing materials.
c. speaking.
d. taking notes.

B -> Creating and holding a mental image of the person with whom you are conversing by telephone will
a. give the impression the other person is important.
b. help you keep the conversation focused on the other person.
c. make your voice sound professional.
d. minimize the potential for in-person interruptions.

B -> The three most common communication styles are
a. aggressive, assertive, and direct.
b. passive, aggressive, and assertive.
c. passive, aggressive, and direct.
d. passive, assertive, and indirect.

D -> On her way to an important Friday morning meeting, Shannon Gaydos observes one of the people she supervises speaking harshly to a customer. Shannon knows she must offer constructive feedback to the employee, so she decides to
a. concentrate more on her verbal than on her nonverbal message.
b. minimize the impact of her criticism by speaking in general terms.
c. speak to the employee early Monday morning.
d. stress the benefits the receiver will gain by modifying his/her behavior.

D -> You are trying to persuade colleagues in a branch office in another state that changes in Crater Mountain Hospital design are necessary before it goes out for bids. You want to present the changes and the benefit to your company and the client of making these proposed changes. Which of the following would be the most effective communication method for you to deliver your message?
a. Audio conference
b. Letter
c. Telephone call
d. Video conference

B -> The quality of thinking that emerges from small-group meetings
a. has no relationship to what one person can achieve alone.
b. is usually higher than one person can achieve alone.
c. is usually lower than one person can achieve alone.
d. is usually the same as one person can achieve alone.

A -> The conflict resolution technique of compromise should be used when
a. some areas of agreement exist.
b. the relationship has been long-term.
c. the situation is an emergency.
d. the situation may be repeated.

B -> Which of the following web-assisted technologies allows you to store a presentation and watch it at a later time?
a. Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP)
b. Web caching
c. Web conferencing
d. Webcasting

B -> Jordan Ragsdale has been the chair of a committee within his firm for over a year. Michelle Wymer became a member of the group about a month ago. Since joining the committee, Michelle has made few if any comments, yet Jordan knows she has creative ideas to share because she has discussed them with him outside of the group's regular weekly meeting. Jordan wants to encourage Michelle to speak at meetings. What should he do?
a. Ask Michelle to take notes.
b. During the meeting, ask Michelle direct questions related to her area of expertise.
c. Criticize Michelle privately.
d. Discuss the situation with another committee member and ask that person to talk to Michelle.

C -> Which of the following have resulted in the increased emphasis on good interpersonal skills?
a. Cultural diversity, gender equity, technology, and organizational restructuring
b. Cultural diversity, population growth, technology, and organizational restructuring
c. Cultural diversity, globalization, technology, and worker specialization
d. Cultural diversity, globalization, population growth, and technology

B -> Which of the following best describes the responsibilities of an effective small-group leader?
a. Keep the meeting on schedule, encourage creativity through side conversations, resolve group conflict, and summarize what has been accomplished in the meeting.
b. Keep the meeting on schedule, facilitate group discussion, resolve group conflict, and summarize what has been accomplished in the meeting.
c. Plan the agenda, keep the meeting on schedule, encourage the collective group to determine the purpose of the group, and facilitate group discussion.
d. Plan the agenda, keep the meeting on schedule, encourage creativity through side conversations, and resolve group conflict.

A -> Paraphrasing
a. helps a listener clarify and retain what he/she has heard.
b. is a form of interruption.
c. promotes closure in a conversation.
d. softens the impact of criticism.

B -> Limited eye contact may signal
a. control.
b. dishonesty.
c. intimidation.
d. playfulness.

C -> The purpose of a group will determine all BUT which of the following?
a. How often the group meets
b. How the group's work is accomplished
c. Whether records are maintained
d. Who should attend meetings

A -> GDSS is an initialism for
a. group decision support system.
b. guided discussion software system.
c. group development software solution.
d. guided discussion speaker system.

C -> The greeting to a conversation
a. may be direct or indirect.
b. must be verbal.
c. provides information about the relationship between the participants.
d. should be positive and upbeat.

A -> Which of the following are signs that a conflict exists?
a. Decline in productivity, emotional outbursts, absenteeism, and lowered morale
b. Decline in productivity, emotional outbursts, raised voices, and absenteeism
c. Decline in productivity, emotional outbursts, raised voices, and lowered morale
d. Lowered morale, absenteeism, accidents, and raised voices

B -> Which of the following is NOT a key for successful telephone conversations?
a. Be businesslike.
b. Make detailed notes of everything that is said.
c. Use courteous words.
d. Visualize your receiver.

A -> Which of the following are guidelines for communicating assertively?
a. Respect the rights and feelings of others while standing up for your own rights, use the I-viewpoint, use factual information, and speak in a firm voice.
b. Respect the rights and feelings of others while standing up for your own rights, use the I-viewpoint, use personal judgments, and speak in a firm voice.
c. Respect the rights and feelings of others while standing up for your own rights, use the you-viewpoint, use factual information, and speak in a firm voice.
d. Respect the rights and feelings of others while standing up for your own rights, use the you-viewpoint, use personal judgments, and speak in a firm voice.

D -> Which of the following is NOT a speech barrier to listening?
a. Dialects of a different language.
b. Highly technical vocabularly
c. Low volume voice
d. Unusual pronunciations

A -> Which of the following is NOT a mode commonly used to listen to messages? 
a. Careful listening
b. Cautious listening
c. Scanning
d. Skimming

D -> One shortcoming of the scanning mode of listening is
a. it requires much energy.
b. there is no time to evaluate nonverbal cues.
c. there is no time to give feedback.
d. your mind may wander.

B -> The type of note taking that most enhances your listening effectiveness is
a. abbreviation.
b. keyword.
c. replication.
d. verbatim.

A -> Which of the following is NOT correct about nonverbal communication?
a. All managers view punctuality as being important.
b. Distance between communicators may vary with individuals from different cultures.
c. The importance of an employee may be communicated by his or her proximity to the manager.
d. The size of an office communicates a nonverbal message.

A -> Jaycee and Michele have a weekly meeting to discuss staffing in the four restaurants they own. Jaycee always starts the meeting by telling Michele a joke. Today, though, there was no joke--just a negative comment about the weather. Michele's awareness of the change in Jaycee's behavior is called
a. benchmarking.
b. empathizing.
c. mirroring.
d. recalling.

A -> Eye contact is
a. a signal to the speaker when to talk or finish.
b. a way of providing feedback to the speaker.
c. influenced by culture
d. All of the above

A -> Which of the following nonverbal behaviors is considered positive?
a. Leaning toward the person with whom you are conversing
b. Looking at your watch
c. Raising your eyebrows
d. Yawning

D -> Which of the following is the best example of a mental distraction?
a. Hearing the children on the school playground through an open window
b. Listening to the two people next to you talking
c. Taking extensive notes
d. Thinking of a meeting at which you will be speaking in an hour

D -> Which of the following is NOT a result of effective listening?
a. Build relationships
b. Conflict resolution
c. Fewer errors and less wasted time
d. Improved verbal skills

C -> Which of the following is an element of listening?
a. Concentrating
b. Internalizing
c. Responding
d. Scanning

A -> Which of the following statements about listening is false?
a. College students spend more less listening than writing.
b. Employers rate listening as one of the top five skills they expect employees to have.
c. Good listening skills improve employee and customer satisfaction.
d. People have different reasons for listening.

A -> Which of the following is an accurate statement about communication?
a. Oral and written communication cannot exist without nonverbal communication.
b. Receivers form their first impression of a speaker when the speaker utters his or her first words.
c. The sender is aware of the nonverbal message that he or she is sending.
d. When interpreting a message, more weight is given to the words than the nonverbal communication.

B -> Which of the listening modes would you use if you were interested in both the general concept and the details of the message?
a. Careful listening
b. Cautious listening
c. Scanning
d. Skimming

D -> Which of the following is NOT a nonverbal cue?
a. Arriving late for a meeting
b. Crossing and uncrossing your legs
c. Drumming your fingers on the table top
d. Whispering to your colleague

B -> Which of the following is a guideline for effective listening?
a. Analyze the message section by section.
b. Determine the message's purpose.
c. Don't "read between the lines" of the oral message.
d. Take detailed notes.

A -> Pitch refers to the
a. highness or lowness of your voice.
b. strength of your voice.
c. timbre of your voice.
d. volume of your voice.

B -> A manuscript speech
a. allows the speaker to maintain good eye contact with the audience.
b. is used only when precise wording is required.
c. is usually made up of short conversational sentences.
d. will be received well by the audience because there was ample time to prepare the speech and refine the gestures used in the presentation.

D -> When preparing a presentation, it is not necessary to include 
a. materials related to your main idea.
b. materials that include background materials.
c. materials that support your main idea.
d. materials to use in the question-and-answer period.

B -> Rebekah Anspach has just been assigned the task of making an oral presentation to the budget committee of the company she joined three months ago. The first thing Rebekah should do is 
a. analyze the audience.
b. determine the purpose of the presentation.
c. draft an outline.
d. gather supporting data.

C -> Which of the following is NOT a reason for mispronouncing a word?
a. People you hear using the word pronounce it incorrectly.
b. The dictionary was not consulted for the correct pronunciation of unfamiliar words.
c. The speaker talks too fast and doesn't take care to verify that he or she is saying the word correctly.
d. The words are unfamiliar.

A -> Which of the following is a disadvantage of an impromptu presentation?
a. Increase use of verbal fillers
b. Large degree of eye contact
c. Natural feel of delivery
d. Opportunity to respond to audience feedback

B -> What organizational plan would be best for an oral presentation in which a person is being introduced to an audience?
a. Causal
b. Direct or indirect
c. Problem and solution
d. Topical

C -> If you have prepared a packet of information to share with those attending your presentation, you should
a. distribute the packet as part of your opening so members can take notes as you speak.
b. distribute the packet as the audience enters so members can read the materials while waiting for you to begin.
c. tell the audience early in the presentation that the materials will be available following the presentation.
d. withhold information about the packet until you are ready to distribute it.

D -> Bolsa Industries is implementing a new insurance program, and Thuy Nguyen has been assigned the task of explaining the plan to employees. During the question-and-answer session, one of the attendees incorporates a negative remark about the plan into his question. In responding, Thuy should
a. acknowledge the remark but indicate that he prefers questions without comments.
b. answer the question but use facial expressions to show the questioner that he doesn't appreciate the negative tone.
c. go directly to the next question without responding to the negative individual.
d. rephrase the question then answer it.

C -> When introducing the people seated at a head table, an emcee should
a. alternate right to left from the center out.
b. begin with the main speaker, then others based on status.
c. move from his/her far right to center, then far left to center.
d. use alphabetic sequence.

A -> Storytelling
a. can be used to communicate an organization's goals and values.
b. is a new concept in oral presentations.
c. is an appropriate technique to use in all oral communication situations.
d. should be used to cast suspicion on the credibility of a person or an organization

C -> he term "troublesome t's" refers to
a. abdominal tightness during breathing.
b. characteristics associated with the tone of a message.
c. the causes of muffled, mumbled speech sounds.
d. the tension and trembling associated with stage fright.

A -> he volume level of your voice should be determined by your
a. audience's need to hear.
b. lung capacity.
c. message content.
d. need to show confidence.

C -> Darren Henderson is a college sophomore majoring in finance. He has been invited to return to his small, rural high school to give a presentation about the academic and social aspects of college life. Which of the following organizational patterns would be best for Darren to use for this presentation?
a. Causal
b. Chronological
c. Comparative
d. Problem and solution

B -> A good way to gain confidence when speaking to a group is to
a. concentrate on yourself and how you sound.
b. keep the emphasis on the listeners and use the you-viewpoint.
c. picture the audience dressed in their underwear.
d. tell yourself that you can do it.

A -> If you exhibit too little confidence when you speak, your listener(s) will
a. feel discomfort.
b. feel negative toward you.
c. reject you.
d. reject your message.

C -> When speaking to an established committee within his or her organization, a speaker should analyze the audience for knowledge, interest, attitude, emotional reaction and which of the following?
a. Age
b. Gender
c. Interaction style
d. Profession

B -> If a speaker must test a microphone before beginning a presentation, he or she should
a. ask, "Can you hear me?"
b. ask those who cannot hear him or her well to raise their hand.
c. blow into the microphone.
d. tap on the microphone.

B -> An impromptu presentation
a. allows time for preparation of visual aids.
b. provides an opportunity to respond to audience feedback.
c. restricts eye contact with the audience.
d. results in a low level of speaker anxiety.

D -> You have been asked to speak to members of the Longmont Business Club at Logmont Community College about the skills employers in your area are seeking in prospective employees. Which organizational pattern would be most effective for this presentation?
a. Causal
b. Chronological
c. Spatial
d. Topical

A -> Managers who regularly review rsums and make decisions on who will be invited for an interview generally prefer
a. a chronological rsum.
b. a combination rsum.
c. a functional rsum.
d. a "one size fits all" rsum.

D -> An applicant tracking computer system in the human resources department
a. accepts only online rsums.
b. does not allow for updating rsum information.
c. is required by law in government offices.
d. scans a rsum and places it in an electronic folder.

B -> For each job you have held, the most important information to list in a rsum is your
a. employer.
b. job accomplishments.
c. job responsibilities.
d. job title.

A -> For new college graduates with limited experience, the preferred number of pages for a rsum is
a. one.
b. two.
c. three.
d. any number.

C -> The first step in your job campaign is to
a. ask friends and acquaintances about available job openings.
b. develop a rsum that will generate an interview.
c. inventory your qualifications, strengths, and interests to know yourself well.
d. send letters of inquiry to prospective employers to locate job opportunities.

C -> The combination rsum would be best for which of the following individuals?
a. An individual who has been out of the job market for several years
b. An individual who has held several jobs and needs to make his or her rsum more concise
c. An individual who has just graduated and has limited experience other than internships and/or part-time work while in school
d. An individual who has little employment experience

A -> Which of the following is the best summary of qualifications statement?
a. Increased sales in territory 18 percent over a three-year period.
b. Learned new accounting software.
c. Provided assistance for marketing representatives.
d. Used Skype to meet with remote customers, which resulted in a significant savings on travel costs.

D -> The primary purpose of networking contacts is to
a. ask for their help in finding a job.
b. ask them to serve as a reference for your resume.
c. leave a resume with them.
d. seek their guidance and advice.

A -> The best arrangements for a rsum for a college graduate who has extensive experience is 
a. opening; experience; education; activities, honors, or special skills.
b. opening; education; experience; activities, honors, or special skills.
c. opening; experience; activities, honors, or special skills; education.
d. opening; activities, honors, or special skills; education; experience.

C -> Which of the following should NOT be included in the contact information for a business colleague serving as a reference?
a. business address
b. e-mail address
c. home address
d. position and organization at which the reference is employed

A -> Employers are most interested in
a. your accomplishments on the job.
b. your college education.
c. your job responsibilities and duties.
d. your outside activities.

B -> The most important persons to ask to be your references in a job search are
a. coworkers.
b. current and former employers.
c. members of the clergy.
d. professors.

D -> An applicant tracking computer system in the human resources department
a. accepts only online rsums.
b. does not allow for updating rsum information.
c. is required by law in government offices.
d. scans a rsum and places it in an electronic folder.

D -> Two basic categories to keep in mind when listing information for the Experience worksheet are
a. action words and online rsums.
b. chronological and functional arrangements.
c. leads for employment and references.
d. responsibilities and accomplishments.

D -> The primary purpose of keywords is to
a. enable managers to determine if you match their openings.
b. to describe your qualifications.
c. to impress the human resources manager.
d. to mark an electronic trail that improves your chances to be selected for an interview.

C -> Which of the following statements about the Experience section of the rsum is most accurate?
a. Employer, employer location, and dates of employment should be listed for each job on your rsum.
b. Employers prefer the chronological format; in this format your experience is listed in chronological order.
c. Most decisions to interview or not to interview are based on the content in this section of the rsum.
d. Responsibilities of the job are the most important factors to list in this section of your rsum.

C -> Include high school data on your rsum
a. if it is recent and shows considerable accomplishments.
b. if you are a recent college graduate.
c. to account for all the time on a chronological rsum.
d. to show this important part of your educational history.

B -> The primary purpose of a rsum is to
a. communicate clearly your strengths and weaknesses.
b. obtain a job interview.
c. prepare you for completing an application form.
d. summarize information about you.

B -> Which of the following characteristics is NOT covered by employment laws prohibiting hiring discrimination?
a. Age
b. Education
c. Religion
d. Speech impediment

A -> Which of the following part of an Education section in a rsum is the most important?
a. Achievements
b. Courses
c. Dates of attendance
d. Organization memberships

B -> Which of the following interview questions is a behavioral question?
a. Do you like to work alone or with other people?
b. Give me an example of a situation in which you were successful (or unsuccessful) in motivating someone.
c. What does teamwork mean to you?
d. What is your greatest weakness?

A -> How should you best respond to interview questions?
a. Be enthusiastic, honest, sincere, and state your accomplishments in a specific and positive manner.
b. Embellish your achievements and accomplishments to make sure the employer remembers them.
c. Say that your achievements and accomplishments are detailed on your resume.
d. Use caution when describing what you have accomplished so you will not appear to be bragging on yourself.

A -> The most important part of an application letter is the 
a. accomplishments that relate to the job requirements.
b. action-promoting close.
c. attention-getting opening.
d. logical explanation.

C -> An interview question that asks about one of your weaknesses would be answered best by
a. admitting the weakness.
b. asking if it is necessary to talk about weaknesses.
c. naming a weakness and turning it into a strength.
d. saying that you do not have any weaknesses.

A -> Which of the following would NOT be a strong closing for an application letter?
a. I am enclosing my rsum for you to consider. When can I expect to hear from you?
b. I am excited about the prospect of interviewing with Good Face, a highly respected public relations firm in San Francisco. Please call me at 802.555.1234 to schedule an interview at your convenience.
c. I would appreciate an opportunity to talk with you about how I would fit in your organization. I will call you early next week to arrange an appointment.
d. Please call me at 555.793.534 or e-mail me at fww@gmail.com to set up an interview. If hired for this position, I will be a dedicated, productive employee.

D -> Which one of the following is NOT an element upon which an employment application is evaluated?
a. The integrity of the application
b. The information entered on the application
c. The legibility of the application
d. The organization of the information entered on the application

C -> Interviewers use behavioral questions because they
a. are based on hypothetical situations and require interviewees to "think on their feet."
b. can be evaluated objectively.
c. focus on how the applicant has acted in the past in a specific situation.
d. provide standard answers so comparisons between interviewees' answers can be made easily.

A -> Which of the following would NOT be appropriate for the opening of an application letter?
a. Describing your most outstanding accomplishments
b. Explaining why you are interested in the position
c. Indicating knowledge about the position or organization/company
d. Mentioning who referred you to this position

C -> A screening interview is
a. known as the alternative interview.
b. not used frequently.
c. used to qualify applicants for the selection interview.
d. usually relatively short--15 to 20 minutes.

D -> Which of the following is the best content for an answer to the interview question, "What do you consider your strengths?"
a. Cite your academic record and achievements.
b. List three to five specific abilities that you have and explain how they have served you in the past.
c. Refer to your work-related accomplishments.
d. Relate your skills and knowledge to the job requirements.

A -> Plan to arrive __________ minutes before the interview.
a. fifteen (15)
b. five (5)
c. sixty (60)
d. thirty (30)

C -> Which of the following is NOT a type of screening interview?
a. Computer-assisted interview
b. Face-to-face interview
c. Online interview
d. Telephone interview

D -> A letter rejecting an employment offer that follows a telephone conversation should
a. be long and explain in detail why you are rejecting the offer.
b. not be written because it makes a permanent record of your rejection.
c. use the direct plan.
d. use the indirect plan.

B -> Which of the following is the best closing for an application letter?
a. I am sure I will do an excellent job for you.
b. May I have an interview to discuss this opportunity with you?
c. Thanks for considering my application. I will expect to hear from you soon.
d. Your interest in my candidacy is greatly appreciated.

B -> Which of the following is the best opening to gain favorable attention for an application letter?
a. I am the person for your management job.
b. Please compare my qualifications with the job requirements for the management position you have open.
c. This is to apply for the management position you have open.
d. When the going gets tough, the tough get going. That is why I am sending you my application for the management position you have open.

D -> What would be the best response to an unacceptable interview question about your religion?
a. Lie and say what you think the interviewer wants to hear.
b. Say, "That question offends me; can we move to the next one."
c. Show irritation and say, "I would rather not say."
d. Smile and say, "Two topics I learned to keep out of a conversation are politics and religion. My religion won't interfere with my job."

C -> Following up after an interview
a. is inappropriate.
b. should be done in person.
c. should be done with a letter.
d. should be done with a telephone call.

A -> In the close of the application letter, the way to get an interview is to
a. ask directly for it.
b. imply that you want it.
c. not push it.
d. plead for it.

C -> If an interviewer pushes his or her chair back or stands up
a. ask an appropriate question.
b. ask if you should stand up.
c. recognize that the interview is ending.
d. thank the interviewer for his or her time.

D -> Appropriate dress for a man to wear to an interview includes
a. a conservative sweater with white shirt, tie, and dark pants.
b. a long-sleeved white shirt with tie, dark trousers, and a leather jacket.
c. a sport jacket and turtleneck sweater.
d. a two-piece conservative suit in a solid color such as navy blue or gray and a long-sleeved white or subdued-colored shirt with a plain or conservative tie.

The key elements in a social business message are 
A. honest and completeness 
B sincerity and timeliness
C. brevity and clarity
D. familiarity with the reciever and goodwill -> a

What should the writer of an adjustment approval message do with the friendly close
A. Keep it short
B. A Pologize for the damages
C. Combine it with the explanation
D. Assure the customer that it will not happen again -> a

What type of social business message is most likely to use an RSVP?
A. Appreciation
B. Holiday greeting
C. Welcome
D. Invitation -> d

Peter Wently encouraged his friend Silas to contact ABC Promotions to inquire about the cost of a specialty calendar to send clients at the end of the year. In the opening to his message, Silas should:
A. decribe the nature of his business
B. say he needs information about a specialty calendar
C. mention Peter as the person from he learned about ABC Promotions
D. explain why he wants to give his clients an end-of-year gift -> b

Which of the following comments best describes a collection message in the appeal stage?
A. It is written from the writer's point of view
B. It uses the indirect persuasive outline.
C. It is not concerned with customer goodwill.
D. It is a reminder for a customer who forgot to pay -> b

The best organizational plan and best type of message for persuading someone to donate to a community project that feeds the homeless is a(n)
A. direct, oral message
B. indirect,written message 
C. direct, written message
D. indirect, oral message -> b

Which of the following statements about collection messages is INCORRECT?
A. Messages in the reminder stage are not considered persuasive
B. Messages in the warming stage are not concerned with maintaining a customer's ......
C. The number of steps in each stage may vary
D. The writer of a collection message in the appeal stage should not mention a customer's reputation or credit rating -> d

Which of the following items is not considered to be a standard letter part?
A. Reference
B. Heading
C. Enxclosure notation 
D. Complimentary close -> c

Which of the following is NOT a persuasive message?
A. Invitation
B. Employment
C. Recommendation
D. Collection -> a

In the friendly close of a negative message, it is best to
A. be warm and optimistic
B. say what can be done
C. provide convincing reasoning
D. maintain neutrality -> a

George Karim's current department store credit card statement includes a charge for merchandise he returned, so he is writing to ask that the charge be removed. To give his claim credibility, George should
A. enclose a copy of the receipt he was given when he returned the merchan dise 
B. explain that he is disappointed in the company
C. ask for $25 for pain and suffering
D. say he will quit shopping at the store unless his account is corrected within two weeks -> a

The negative information section of a negative message should
A. avoid saying what can be done
B. offer an apology
C. come immediately after the logical explanation.
D. be placed in a separate paragraph. -> c

Which of the following salutations works best in a letter addressed to the attention of Pamela Ryan, a custom...
A. Gentlement 
B. Dear Ms. Ryan
C. To whom It May Concern
D. Dear Customer Service Representative -> d

Which of the following is NOT true of a message written using the indirect plan?
A. Supporting explanations and reasons lead to the main idea. which is presented later in the .....
B. This organizational plan is used for good news messages
C. This organizational plan is sometimes called the inductive plan
D. The opening is neutral or a point of agreement -> b

The negative information in a message should 
A. introduce the explanation
B. follow the opening
C. be given quickly 
D. present convincing reasoning -> c

Which of the following statements about the "company name in the signature" block is correct?
A. It may be used with any letter format
B. It should be keyed in a mixture of upper- and lower-case letters 
C. It is not used when the message is keyed on letterhead stationery
D. It should be keyed beneath the writer's name -> c

Which of the following situations requires a special claims message?
A. A two-year subscription was ordered in April for both Inc. and Money magazine. It is August and your .....
B. A shipment of 20 glass vases to be used at the company holiday party arrived two weeks prior to the .....
C. Your company paid $3.000 to send three employees to a training session on the new version of Peach .....
D. Your company recently purchased 15 laptop computers for executives who travel frequently. After two weeks of use, four of the executives indicated that the batteries do not hold a charge for more than an hour. -> d

Which of the following should be a consideration in determining the formality of a goodwill message
A. Familiarity with the receiver
B. Timeliness in sending the message
C. Cost
D. Length of message -> a

While reading the October issue of her college alumni newsletter, Elise Black learned that Elliot Mumbor, one of her classmates, had received an award the previous March. Elise should
A. write her alumni office and complain that news items are not current
B. phone Elliot to convey congratulations
C. ignore the event because it occurred so long ago
D. send her classmate a greeting card on which she writes a personal message -> d

Which of the following is NOT a proper way to communicate a credit refusal ?
A. Personalized letter
B. Telephone call
C. Form memo
D. Face-to-face conversation -> c

Todd Pritchert is writing a letter to thank those who volunteered at this year's Downtown Youth Center fundraising event. Which of the following represents the best opening paragraph for his message?
A. Volunteers are they key piece in DYC's fundraising puzzle, and no one appreciates them more.....
B. The smile on your face told us you enjoyed volunteering at this year's DYC fundraising.....
C. Time is a precious commodity. By donating your time to this year's DYC fundraiser, you demonstrated your commitment to the youth of Pueblo. We and they are grateful for your efforts
D. Thank you. The youth of Pueplo and the staff at DYC are pleased to announces that this year..... -> c

When setting the date by which you want your receiver to reply to your request or claim, you should
A. show urgency by saying as soon as possible
B. be flexible; use a general time reference such as within the next two weeks
C. express the date in standard month, day, year format
D. tell the receiver why meeting your timeline is important -> d

Which of the following messages should NOT be developed using the indirect plan?
A. Claim message
B. Adjustment refusal
C. Request refusal
D. Credit refusal -> a

Which of the following is a guide to be used in constructing the action section of persuasive messages?
A. Be positive and make talking action easy
B. Be optimistic that the receiver had read the entire message
C. Present all the benefits again for the receiver 
D. Avoid giving deadlines; it puts undue pressure on the receiver of the message -> a

Which of the following message should NOT be written using the direct plan?
A. A letter approving a $100 adjustment on a utility bill
B. A memo announcing that the company day care center will be closed for five week during remodeling
C. An e-mail asking whether a colleague could represent you at a meeting
D. An announcement about a new product -> b

In the constructive follow-up section of a negative message, you should
A. tell the customer that it will never happen again 
B. stay off the negative subject
C. provide other solutions to the problem
D. apologize for the error -> c

Which of the following best expresses the reason for using the indirect plan for a negative message?
A. It enables your receiver to accept the negative information you must give them
B. It is a friendlier way of communicating than the direct plan
C. It hides the negative information and takes the receiver's mind off the problem
D. It clearly presents the negative information in the opening paragraph -> a

Which of the following is the proper sequence for a persuasive message using the indirect plan?
A. Attention, Interest, Desire, Action
B. Attention, Desire, Interest, Action
C. Action, Interest, Attention, Desire
D. Interest, Attention, Desire, Action -> a

Which of the following date displays is correct for a business letter?
A. 03.06.2009
B. 2009 January 07
C. May 16, 2009
D. 12 Oct, 2009 -> c

Which of the following statements about letterhead stationery is incorrect?
A. Some letterhead information can be printed at the bottom of the sheet
B. It may be professionally printed or created with computer software and a printer
C. Only contact information should be included in a letterhead
D. It should not extend beyond the top two inches of the page -> c

The claim letter differs from other positive and neutral messages using the direct plan because it may
A. place blame on the receiver
B. contain negative information
C. stress writer benefits
D. include a sales appeal -> b

Which of the following methods of getting the receiver to take action would NOT be taken seriously by a receiver of a persuasive message?
A. A coupon for a free lunch at Lyla Rae's for completing a customer survey
B. A testimonial claiming you could earn in excess of $50,000 a month with no investment
C. Entry into a drawing for a five-night trip to Las Vegas with all expenses paid
D. An offer for one month's free cleaning if you sing a one-year contract with the office cleaning -> b

A sentence structured with the subject as the receiver of the action is written with
A. active voice
B. objective case
C. emphasis on the web
D. passive voice -> d

If less than a full paragraph of letter text can be carried to a continuation page, the writer should:
A. choose a larger font and use wider margins
B. revise the message to fit on one page
C. select a smaller font
D. use narrower margins -> b

Party Palace has relocated and plans to hold an open house to showcase it's new facility. Which of the following openings best reflects appropriate use of the direct plan for the invitation to this event?
A. Part Palace is open in its new location, and we're celebrating!
B. Please join us as we celebrate the opening of Party Palace's new store!
C. Date: October 11
D. Time: 9 AM to 9 PM -> b

Emphasizing words by mechanical means
A. using strong words instead of weak words 
B. ending the paragraph by repeating the main idea
C. special formatting such as boldface, italics, underlines, and color.
D. remembering to add "thank you" in the last paragraph of each other letter -> c

Andrea Swank is responding to a complaint from a customer who claimed he received poor service at her store. Which of the following statements represents the best close for her message
A. We appreciate your business and hope you will visit us again soon
B. Use the enclosed coupon on our next visit to Swanks, where customer satisfaction is our goal.
C. We look forward to showing you that your experience was a unique incident
D. Again, let me apologize for not giving you the high-quality service you deserve -> b

When speaking to an established committee within his or her organization, a speaker should analyze the audience for knowledge, interest, attitude, emotional reaction and which of the following
A. Gender
B. Interaction style
C. Age
D. Profession -> b

The best way to implement the requirement that de-emphasis techniques be used in the negative information is to
A. give the negative information in explicit terms
B. avoid the negative points
C. address the negative information in the middle of a paragraph
D. star with points that are the most unfavorable to your receiver -> c

The informat report used to communicate with individuals outside an organization is a
A. letter
B. periodic
C. memo
D. structural -> a

What are the motivational factors that should be considered when planning a persuasive message?
A. Goals, values, and needs
B. Interests, needs, and opinions
C. Goals, values, and opinions
D. Goals, needs, and opinions -> a

Which of the following normally is NOT included in the introduction of a formal report
A. Related literature
B. Statement of the problem
C. Scope
D. Procedures -> d

Which of the following items is typically omitted from an invitation
A. Signature
B. Whether the receiver may bring a guest
C. Suggested dress
D. Date and time of function -> a

If the opening buffer and logical explanation are effective, the receiver will
A. not expect the negative information
B. be unsure about the meaning of the negative information
C. respond favorably to the words you chose for the logical explanation .
D. not need another statement that conveys the negative information -> c

Sara Garrett is requesting information about Hugh Rolle, a candidate for a sales position at Better Beverages. Sara will improve her chances of getting a thorough reply if she
A. praises the receiver's judgment
B. formats her questions as a vertical list 
C. encloses a copy of her company's hiring policy 
D. asks relevant questions and assures the reader responses will be kept confidential -> d

In oral communication, what you say is more important than how you say it.
A. True
B. False -> b

Which of the following is NOT true of titles of illustrations for business reports?
A. Consistency numbering, placement, and formatting visual aids within a report is important.
B. For APA and traditional styles, titles are placed under a graph.
C. Traditional style centers the heading of a table or figure, refers to both tables and graphs as figures, and uses
D. In APA style, the title of a table or a figure, along with the table or figure number, begins at the left margin. -> b

Which of the following statements is NOT true of simple bar graphs?
A. If you need to depict large amounts in the graph, you may use a broken-bar graph.
B. The width of bars may differ throughout the graph.
C. The length of a horizontal bar indicates quantity: the height indicates quantity for a vertical bar.
D. If the width of the bars becomes narrow, the data should be divided into categories and presented in more than one graph. -> b

Which of the following titles is best for an unsolicited proposal to an agency that funds community-based projects
A. A Study of Three Methods of Training Teenage Babysitters
B. Rock and Roll Meets Rap
C. The Green Thumb Project: Teaching Inner-City Youth about Gardening
D. A Proposal Requesting Funding to Expand Arts Programming at Stone Ridge Senior Center in South Dakota. -> c

Once damaged, a relationship cannot be repaired.
A. True
B. False -> b

The best visual aid to illustrate step-by-step progression of a complex procedure is a (an)
A.Line Graph
B. Flowchart
C. Organization chart
D. Stacked-bar graph -> b

From a writer's viewpoint, proposals are
A.Responsibilities
B. Requirements
C. Certainties
D. Opportunities -> d

One of the most important purpose of a visual aid in a business report is to make the report colorful and attractive
A. False
B. True -> a

Amber Case is a sales representative for an office equipment company. Last week, Amber called on Billings Concrete and learned from the office manager, Bob Rydell, that the company was having problems with its aging photocopier. When Amber checked her e-mail Tuesday morning, she found an e-mail from Bob asking about the cost of a new copier with the same features as the company's current unit. In response, Amber prepared a letter in which she described the features, benefits, and costs of two models. This situation is an example of
A. formal request ;informal response
B. formal request ;formal response
C. informal request ;formal response
D. informal request ;informal response -> c

The purpose of a group will determine all BUT which of the following
A. How the group's work is accomplished
B. Who should attend meeting
C. How often the group meets
D. Whether records are maintained -> d

If a speaker must test a microphone before beginning a presentation, he or she should
A. blow into the microphone.
B. tap on the microphone.
C. ask. "Can you hear me?"
D. ask those who cannot hear him or her well to raise their hand. -> d

Which of the following is NOT a nonverbal cue
A. Crossing and uncrossing your legs
B. Whispering to your colleague
C. Arriving late for a meeting
D. Drumming your fingers on the table top -> b

What organizational plan would be best for an oral presentation in which a person is being introduced to an audience
A. Problem and solution
B. Topical
C. Direct or indirect
D. Causal -> c

What is a Gantt chart?
A. A statistical analysis tool
B. A time schedule
C. A budget spreadsheet
D. A cluster diagram -> b

Which of the following is correct for the use of source notes for visual aids?
A. A source note should be used whenever content of an illustration is originated by the writer
B. The source note goes below the illustration; however, APA uses the italicized word Note followed by a period before the resource information.
C. Acknowledging source of visual aid is not as critical as acknowledging source of the text material.
D. Traditional style for a source not use the word Source (not italicized) followed by a semicolon -> b

Research problems may be phrased as statements or questions
A. False
B. True -> b

The solution to a research problem is presented in the report as a part of the
A. Findings
B. Conclusions
C. Appendix
D. Recommendation -> d

Which of the following report types is also known as a status report?
A. Unsolicited
B. Progress
C. Technical
D. Periodic -> b

A weak handshake communicates a negative message.
A. False
B. True -> b

Which of the following graphs does not begin with zero at the bottom, extreme left?
A. Multiple-line graph
B. Stacked-bar graph
C. Positive-negative bar graph
D. Pictograph -> c

The most important section of a proposal is the
A. Proposal summary
B. Cost
C. Qualifications of personnel
D. Solution -> d

The essential elements in a solicited external proposal are
A. specified in the RFP
B. Identified by the proposal writer
C. Contained in the response to a letter of inquiry
D. Held confidential -> a

Which of the following is NOT a key for successful telephone conversations?
A. Use courteous words.
B. Make detailed notes of everything that is said.
C. Be businesslike.
D. Visualize your receiver. -> b

Oral messages are considered unsuitable for complex messages because
A. Oral communication should be reserved for informal messages
B. Receivers have limited time to reflect on them.
C. It is easy for the receiver to become distracted
D. The sender could become confused while delivering the message -> b

Slides or transparencies work well with groups of different sizes. Which one of the following statements is NOT true about their use for presentations.
A. Font sizes should be 36 point for titles and 24 point for bulleted text
B. The beginning, the ending, and the most important point of the presentation should be used as content for presentation slides or transparencies
C. Type should be in uppercase letters to be easily read
D. As a general rule, keywords rather than complete sentences should be use on slide or transparencies -> c

The best approach for writing a long, complex proposal is
A. A team of writers with a team of readers giving feedback
B. A team of writers with an individual writer providing coherence.
C. A team of writers
D. An individual writer with a team of readers giving feedback -> b

The title of a proposal should be brief and answer the questions Who? What? Where? When? Why? and How?
A. True
B. False -> a

Which of the following statements is NOT correct
A. A table displays categories of data in an orderly display of columns and rows
B. Each visual aid should have a purpose
C. Using the chart function of Word makes construction of tables easy
D. A graph shows relationships between different items or shows trends -> c

You start planning a research study by
A. Procedures and findings
B. Determining the solutions
C. Determining the factors
D. Conclusions and recommendations -> c

What is one way that a sales message differs from other business letters?
A. The you-viewpoint is not important in a sales message
B. A sales message may contain inaccurate information
C. Sentence fragments may be used in a sales message
D. A sale message may emphasize your competitor's strengths -> c

Buchan Molding manufactures plastic tubing used in various industries. Which of the following represents the best way for Buchan to gather customer satisfaction data about the service received during the lengthy, complicated transactions common in its business?
A. Conduct a telephone survey.
B. Send a letter of inquiry
C. Visit each customer personally
D. Send a comment card with the customer's order -> a

When designing a questionnaire,
A. Use primarily open-ended questions
B. Allow respondents the freedom to interpret questions to fit their situation
C. Gather as much demographic information as possible
D. Work from the factors being studied -> d

The success of the listening process is jeopardized if one of the elements is omitted
A. True
B. False -> a

Limited eye contact may signal
A. Playfulness
B. Control
C. Dishonesty
D. Intimidation -> c

If a formal report contains a comprehensive letter of transmittal, the report will not contain a/an
A. Bibliography
B. Introduction
C. Table of contents
D. Executive summary -> d

Hearing and listening are different terms for the same physical process.
A. False
B. True -> a

The best way to convey friendliness is to
A. Tell a joke
B. Speak slowly
C. Use a tone of importance
D. Smile -> d

Carl and Gayle have a weekly meeting to discuss staffing in the four restaurants they own. Bob always starts the meeting by telling Gayle a joke. Today, though, there was no joke--just a negative comment about the weather. Gayle's awareness of the change in Carl's behavior is called
A. Mirroring
B. Benchmarking
C. Recalling
D. Empathizing -> b

A good way to gain confidence when speaking to a group is to
A. Keep the emphasis on the listeners and use the you-viewpoint.
B. Concentrate on yourself and how you sound
C. Picture the audience dressed in their underwear
D. Tell yourself that you can do it -> a

A proposal written in response to an RFP issued by a government agency is best described as what type of proposal
A. Informal
B. Solicited
C. Internal
D. Federal -> b

The boxes into which variables are entered when using e-mail software are called
A. formats
B. message composition templates.
C. headings
D. options -> b

Which of the following are means of acquainting employees with organizational policies on the use of e-mail, Internet, and other company resources?
A. Statement of the policy signed by employees
B. Employee handbook
C. All of the above
D. Organizational website -> c

Which of the following is NOT an example of nonverbal communication? (B)
A. British listeners staring at the speaker and blinking their eyes to indicate understanding
B. An American leaving a telephone voice message
C. Germans tossing their head back to call someone to come closer
D. A Greek nodding slightly upward to signal "no" -> b

Which of the following is NOT a requirement of a valid contract?
A.Offer and acceptance
B. Written on a contract form
C. Competency of parties
D. Legal subject matter -> b

In selective listening, listeners
A. Tend to take control of the conversation
B. All of the above
C. Tune out until they hear something that gets their attention
D. Distort the message by tuning out anything that doesn't confirm their assumptions. -> c

One of the drawbacks of using e-mail is
A. Its lack of privacy
B. Its slow speed
C. All of the above
D. Its high cost -> a

An advantage of oral messages is that they can be transmitted quickly
A. False
B. True -> b

The direct approach is best when (D)
A. Your message is highly emotion
B. Your audience is likely to react negatively to your message
C. You do not know your audience well
D. Your audience is likely to be receptive to your message -> d

A receiver's concerns and needs are considered in which element of audience analysis?
A. Emotional Reaction
B. Interests
C. Attitudes
D. Knowledge -> b

Which of the following is an appropriate situation in which to use e-mail?
A. Reminder of an upcoming deadline for budget submissions
B. Discussion of a job performance evaluation
C. Negotiation of a salary increase
D. Cancellation of a meeting scheduled for this afternoon -> a

Which of the following terms best describes the grapevine as a communication pattern
A. Diagonal
B. Informal
C. Verbal
D. Serial -> d

Examples of communication challenges in a global environment are
A. Words that have different meanings and connotations and different language patterns for parts of speed....
B. All of the above
C. Differences in time
D. Not understanding cultural differences -> b

Which of the following sentences best reflects the you-viewpoint?
A. You'll like RiverCity Bank's location and services
B. Make RiverCity your bank
C. To get the service you need and the respect you deserve, bank D. with River City Bank
D. Bank with RiverCity Bank, the friendliest bank in town! -> c

Identify the one item that is not a method for improving your nonverbal communication (A)
A. Expect business professionals to share the same attitudes toward time
B. Pay close attention to your vocal characteristics
C. Maintain the eye contact your audience expects
D. Use touch only when appropriate -> a

Tasha Gibbs, a clerk at Memories and More, must notify Alec Preble that the crystal vase he ordered as a gift for his grandmother on her 70th birthday arrived with a crack in the base. Tasha has ordered a replacement vase, but it won't be delivered before Alec leaves for Grandma Preble's party. What method should Tasha use to convey her message?
A. E-mail
B. Telephone call
C. Memo
D. Letter -> b

A communicator's status within an organization has the greatest influence in
A. Grapevine communication
B. Horizontal communication
C. Network communication
D. Vertical communication -> d

Culture should be considered as part of which audience analysis element
A. Attitudes
B. Emotional Reaction
C. Interests
D. Knowledge -> a

Which of the following is NOT a barrier to effective listening?
A. Focusing on the content of the message
B. Listening selectively
C. Prejudgment
D. Lack of common ground -> b

Which of the following is NOT a step in the proofreading process
A. Read the material to a colleague bottom to top
B. Use your word processing software spell checker to check for spelling errors
C. Pay special attention to names, numbers, and unusual words
D. Read the material once for content, once for mechanics -> a

The casual or informal way in which English is used is known as
A. Conversation
B. Slang
C. Colloquial language
D. denotation -> c

The most important goal of business communication is that the receiver understands the message as the sender intends.
A. True
B. False -> A

Five generally recognized core cultural dimensions are
A. Corporate, multicultural, language, ethnicity, and global
B. Ethnicity, race, gender, age, and physical challenge
C. Friends, colleagues, employers, employees, and family
D. English, German, Scandinavian, French, and Japanese. -> b

Strategies for effective global communication include
A. Communicating by telephone instead of e-mail or postal mail
B. Using a translator when speaking to a person whose English is a second...
C. Learning about other cultures and applying what you learn.
D. Avoiding use of any words in a language other than your own to avoid.... -> c

Cultural barriers that may prohibit effective multicultural communication include
A. Discrimination and harassment, language, cultural relativism, and ethnocentrism
B. Quid pro pro, high-context culture, and the acceptance of the needs of others.
C. Stereotypes, hostile environment, and a common business language
D. Cultural relativism, ethnocentrism, and a knowledge of your own culture. -> a

When you do not need immediate feedback, which of these media is most effective? (A)
A. Oral
B. Electronic
C. All are equality effective
D. Written -> a

Unlike journalistic or creative writing, business writing is
A. Topical
B. Structured
C. Transactional
D. Brief -> c

The phrase "talking a mile a minute" is an example of a/an
A. Idiom
B. Denotation
C. Metaphor
D. Inference -> a

The sender and receiver have equal responsibility for achieving the goals of business communication
A. True
B. False -> b

In most business letters, the shortest paragraphs are.
A. The middle paragraphs
B. Both (the middle paragraphs) and (the paragraphs with the most detail about the topic)
C. The paragraphs with the most detail about the topic
D. The first and last paragraphs -> d

Strong verbs that express action and specific nouns that create a visual mind image are sometimes called
A. Strong or power words
B. Negative words
C. Redundant words
D. Obsolete words -> a

The greeting stage of a conversation
A. Previews what will follow
B. Provides information about your relationship with the receiver
C. May be either direct or indirect
D. Makes your position on the topic clear -> b

The revising process includes all but which one of the following?
A. Checking to see that business communication principles have been applied
B. Thinking about the visual image the message creates
C. Verifying the content for accuracy and completeness
D. Determining whether the message is mechanically correct -> d

Why are short subject lines desirable in e-mail?
A. Long subject lines duplicate too much of the message
B. They are easier to write than long subject lines.
C. Subject lines waste the writer's time because readers don't use them
D. A long subject line could be truncated by the receiver's e-mail system -> d

The sender analyzes the receiver's knowledge so that the sender can
A. Choose the approach to use in the message
B. Avoid making a negative impression
C. Emphasize receiver benefits
D. Compose the message at the proper level -> d

To emphasize the formality of a message, which of these media would be most effective?(B)
A. A blog post
B. An email
C. A printed memo
D. A fax -> b

Which of the following is not a form of nonverbal communication?
A. Mnemonics
B. Touching behavior
C. Vocal characteristics
D. Gesture and posture -> a

Which of the following is not a disadvantage of electronic media?
A. Potential for inadvertently creating tension and conflict
B. Prevention of speedy feedback
C. All of the above
D. Tendency for employees to overuse them -> b

Which of the following is a disadvantage of instant messaging?
A. Teamwork and work flow are improved.
B. Files and links to websites may be shared by users.
C. Messages are maintained on servers controlled by the provider.
D.Spontaneous interaction in real time is possible. -> c

The goal of outlining your content is to ensure that you
A. Include at least some specific evidence that doesn't support your main idea.
B. Cover the most important details, in the most logical and effective way
C. None of the above
D. Provide your audience with as many minor supporting points as you can think of -> b

Written media include which of the following?
A. Charts, graphs, diagrams
B. Teleconferencing
C. All of the above
D. Letters, memos, and reports -> d

Effective listeners engage in all of the following except
A. Interrupting when they disagree
B. Making eye contact with the speaker.
C. Giving the speaker nonverbal cues.
D. Looking for opportunities to learn. -> a

Examples of communication challenges in a global environment are
A. All of the above
B. Differences in time
C. Words that have different meanings and connotations and different language patterns for part of speech
D. Not understanding cultural differences. -> a

The planning stage should take about
A. 30% of time you have to produce the message.
B. 70% of time you have to produce the message.
C. 50% of the time you have to produce the message.
D. 10% of time you have to produce the message. -> c
=============================================================
Effective external communication has a greater impact on an organization's success than effective internal communication | false
The sender and receiver have equal responsibility for achieving the goals of business communication | false
The most important goal of business communication is that the receiver understands the message as the sender intends | true
Citing receiver benefits in a message not only fosters a favorable relationship between the sender and the receiver but also demonstrates use of the you-viewpoint | true
LMN Clothing sent a letter to its credit card customers to give them advance notice of an upcoming sale. Harry Pasco received the letter, read it, and gave it to his neighbor; however,  Harry did not shop at LMN during the sale. Harry's action means that LMN has achieved the goal of favorable response | false
To establish a favorable relationship, the message sender and receiver should relate to each other positively, personally, and professionally | true
Employees help to establish and maintain organizational goodwill by communicating positively about the company's products, services, and personnel | true
An individual's status within an organization has no affect on the communication process. | false
Serial communication may follow a horizontal path as well as a vertical path. | true
Efforts to suppress an organization's open, honest, complete grapevine communication can lead to low employee morale. | true
Jackie Parcel works for Hamilton State Bank in Joplin, Missouri. When Jackie communicates with Rick Spliker, a representative of the Federal Reserve Bank in St. Louis, she is engaging in internal communication. | false
The components of the communication process model are sender, receiver, you-viewpoint, and communication barriers | false
Office politics may be positive or negative. | true
As part of the communication process, the sender must encourage feedback and the receiver must provide feedback. | true
The two main types of communication are written and verbal | false
A sender can initiate a message with written words, spoken words, or gestures | true
Analyzing a receiver's knowledge will assist a writer in deciding whether to use the direct or indirect plan when organizing a message | false
Using the you-viewpoint means eliminating writer-centered words from a message | false
When speakers use connotative words, they risk having the receiver infer a meaning different from what was intended | true
A sender's credibility is based solely on the content of his or her message | false
Unlike journalistic or creative writing, business writing is | transactional
It was nearly  2 a.m. when Jaynell Washington arrived at her hotel; she was tired and hungry. When she asked the desk clerk how to get to the hotel coffee shop, she was told it was closed. Disappointed, she went to her room. About 15 minutes later, the desk clerk arrived at Jaynell's room with a plate of cheese and fresh fruit. The clerk refused the tip Jaynell offered, and no food charge was added to her bill.  By doing more than was expected, the desk clerk helped achieve the business communication goal of | favorable relationship
A communicator's status within an organization has the greatest influence in | vertical communication
Which of the following terms best describes the grapevine as a communication pattern | serial
Tasha Gibbs, a clerk at Memories and More,  must notify Alec Preble that the crystal vase he special ordered as a gift for his grandmother on her 70th birthday arrived with a crack in the base. Tasha has ordered a replacement vase, but it wont be delivered before Alec leaves for Grandma Preble's party. What method should Tasha use to convey her message | telephone call
A receiver's concerns and needs are considered in which element of audience analysis? | interests
Culture should be considered as part of which audience analysis element | attitudes
Which of the following sentences best reflects the you-viewpoint | to get the service you need and the respect you deserve, bank with river city bank
Which of the following is NOT a formal message | two employees discussing job sharing while at the company holiday party
The phrase talking a mile a minuteEis an example of a/an | idiom
Outsourcing moves part or all of the business processes to a service provider | true
Cultural background affects how individuals communicate and how they interpret messages from others | true
An understanding of cultures recognizes that cultural backgrounds and experiences influence behavior and communication so it is important to learn certain characteristics of different cultures and apply that to all persons in a particular culture | false
People in high-context cultures place high value on productivity and direct communication | false
Although there are many language differences throughout the world, nonverbal signals are basically the same | false
The friendly, outgoing competitive, informal American primarily uses the indirect plan of business communication and may not be well received in Asian countries | false
Some English words may have different meanings in different countries although the native language in these countries may be English | true
Ethnocentrism is the inherent belief that one's own cultural values and traditions are correct and superior to other cultures | true
English is the primary language used in conducting multinational business; therefore, current global marketing strategies shape their products and their Web sites to appeal only to the countries where English is the native language | false
Only women can be victims of sexual harassment | false
Both genders bring strength to the workplace; but, in general, women in the United States tend to use language to create connections and relationships more than men do | true
Quid pro quo is a term used to describe different cultural beliefs | false
Some words and phrases are difficult to translate from one language to another | true
Learning about.other cultures lets you categorize individual persons by their culture and know their beliefs and preferences | false
In general, Asian cultural background has favored an indirect style of communication | true
A global supply chain is a system of moving products or services from supplier to consumers by outsourcing part of the ssupply system to resources from other countries | true
Computer translation software can be used to translate languages; therefore, translators are no longer required to communicate between two languages | false
Low-context countries generally take a long-term view of time | false
Guidelines for successful business communication in a multinational and global society is to review communication principles, analyze the message receiver, be open to and accepting of other cultures, learn about other cultures and apply what you learn, and consider language needs | true
Gender and age are two of five core cultural dimensions | true
Five generally recognized core cultural dimensions are | ethnicity, race, gender, age, and physical challenge
In Germany business communication generally requires that business transactions | focuses on getting the job done
The primary business language, even in countries for which English is the second language, is | english
Examples of communication challenges in a global environment are | a, b, and c
Cultural barriers that prohibit effective multicultural communication include | discrimination and harrassment, language, cultural relativism, and ethnocentrism
Global communication challenges include | variations in time, holidays, days in a workweek, and language
Countries with a general preference for indirect communication are likely also to | value family and group authority.
Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of language variations? | nonverbal signals are the same or similar in different countries; for example, a smile is a smile.
The belief that your own cultural traditions and values are correct and superior is | ethnocentrism.
Strategies for effective global communication include | learning about other cultures and applying what you learn
A national or racial group of people; groups of people with similar characteristics | ethnicity
Shared values and behavioral expectations of an organization; sometimes referred to as the way we do things around here.E | corporate culture
A company's transfer of tasks and processes to a service provider for completion | outsourcing
A company's moving all or part of their business operation outside of the home country | offshoring
An offensive work environment that interfers with job performance | hostile environment
Persons who live and work outside their home country | expatriates
Information exchange among people from different cultures | multicultural communication
Information exchange with a world market | global communication
Strictly categorizing individuals based on simplistic understanding of groups | stereotyping
Race, ethinicity, gender, age, and physical disability that affects expectations, behavior, and values | core cultural dimensions
With technology, collaborative writing may occur as an interactive or an independent act | true
Ethics are binding rules of conduct enforceable by a governing agency | false
Advances in technology allow individuals to self-select what, when, and where electronic messages are sent and received | true
Facebook, LinkedIn, and Ning are examples of social network sites | true
Organizations and businesses, as well as individuals, use blogs and wikis | true
RSS feeds mean a published list of websites | false
Hoteling provides alternative office space for mobile workers and provides computer connections and phone service | true
Google is a search engine that offers tools and special services for individuals and businesses | true
BlackBerry, Treo, and iPhone are mobile phones that can connect to the Internet | true
Tweeting is a term for sending messages on MySpace | false
Monitoring of e-mail by private employers is not allowed because e-mail is private and such monitoring is an invasion of privacy | false
The primary purpose of a wiki is collaborative editing and writing. | true
Inappropriate use of e-mail or the Internet at work not only affects productivity but also may create a legal issue or result in loss of the employee's job | true
Once e-mail messages or other computer files are deleted, they cannot be retrieved | false
Copyright is a legal protection for the author or owner of written work, art, music, photographs, multimedia, and computer software that controls reproduction, distribution, and sale of copyrighted work | true
If you dont see the copyright symbol or the word Copyright followed by the year, you can be certain the material is free of copyright | false
Unsolicited telephone calls to a person on a no-call list are unethical but not illegal | false
Plagiarism is using someone else's ideas or original works and not giving credit to the source | true
Employees should treat e-mail, voice-mail, and other electronic messages that they send as if they will be public knowledge | true
A federal electronic signature law endorsed contractual arrangements through electronic signatures logically associated with a record and encrypted for privacy | true
Search engines may offer selection choices from broad topic categories before entering a term for a specific search | true
Fair use means that only the owner of original works of authorship can use them | false
An enforceable contract may result from a letter or signed notes on a napkin if it has these elements: offer and acceptance, competency of parties, legality of subject matter, and consideration (money, motive, or promise exchanged) | true
The Civil Rights Act prohibits discrimination in employment for race, color, religion, and physical challenge | false
A bona fide occupational qualification (BFOQ) is an essential job function that can legally be required for hiring of applicants | true
Which of the following is NOT a requirement of a valid contract? | written on a contract form
What law protects the right of employees to access information about themselves | privacy act
What law prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, or national origin when hiring, firing, compensating, or applying other employment conditions | civil rights act
What law gives employees the right of access to information about themselves | privacy act
A bona fide occupational qualification means | an essential function of the job
False statements, either written or oral,  that injure the reputation or character of another person but cause no monetary camages are called | defamation
Which condition is NOT a condition to prove fraud? | accidental misrepresentation
Federal law requires manufacturers and sellers to stand behind a purchase of a major product. A promise made willingly by the seller is called an | express warranty
Which of the following are means of acquainting employees with organizational policies on the use of e-mail, Internet, and other company resources | a, b, and c
Fraud is not committed unless this condition is present | misrepresentation with intent to deceive
A legally binding agreement between two or more parties | contract
Mass mailing of an e-mail message that falsely uses identifying information that appears to be a reputable company and asks for verification of your personal information | phishing
Requirement that contracts be written so consumers can understand them | plain english laws
Making choices that displays character by doing what is right to achieve what is good | ethics
Organizational guides for ethical behavior of employees | code of conduct
The two most valuable resources for the business communicator are a dictionary and a thesaurus. | true
A specialized dictionary is one that shows special symbols for word pronounciation. | false
The primary criterion for an understandable word choice for a message is to choose a word that the sender understands | false
Technical words are terms with a special meaning in a particular field. | true
Vague or abstract words are indefinite words, but they have a specific meaning that is the same for each receiver of the message | false
An obsolete word is one that is overused in normal conversation or messages and has lost its effectiveness. | false
Sentence unity comes from limiting content to one main idea. | true
Long sentences are more effective than short sentences because you can cover more thoughts in one sentence | false
Passive voice is preferred in business messages because they avoid use of first-person pronouns. | false
One way to emphasize an idea is to tell the receiver what is important | true
A long sentence in a business letter is 30 words or longer | true
In some situations negative words can be used for emphasis | true
There is no place in business messages for weak words | false
A strong word will be either an adjective or adverb because both are descriptive words | false
Obsolete words sound formal and, therefore, are appropriate in formal but not informal business communication | false
Short sentences are understandable, so your writing should only use sentences with no more than 20 words | false
When using sentence structure to give ideas emphasis, place the most important ideas in the dependent clauses. | false
Repeating key words in sentences is a way of giving emphasis to the ideas represented by those words. | true
Diversity has become widely recognized in business; therefore, the use of unbiased language is no longer an essential consideration in the composition of business messages. | false
Generally, the direct plan of paragraph organization is recommended for good news or neutral news. | true
Which words are examples of obsolete words? | enclosed herewith
A sentence in a paragraph that helps your receiver move from one aspect of the subject to another is called a | tie-in sentence
Of the following sentences, which would be unbiased? | mrs. smith talked with the students about the difficulties experienced by single-parent families.
Composing with style means | using clear, concise words that convey your personality.
Which of the words below is most likely to be understood for a middle-level receiver | enjoyment
The words that communicate best are usually those that are | words slightly below your receiver's vocabulary level
Which of the following sentences lacks agreement of subject and verb | each year supervisors reminds their staff of internet-use policies.
A sentence structure that allows one idea to be emphasized and one idea to be de-emphasized is the | complex sentence
Which of the following words is not a transitional word or phrase | readily
Which one of the following incorrect sentences lacks parallelism | leave your practice problems on the desk, your homework should be completed, and be ready for tomorrow's test
An advantage of oral messages is that they can be transmitted quickly | true
An advantage of a written message is that it is a permanent record that may have legal value. | true
Secondary purposes support the main idea in a written message | true
Memos may have an internal or external audience. | false
The traditional outline method works well when generating ideas and determining how they relate to one another | false
Changing writing methods can help overcome writer's block | true
Research represents the most common Internet application | false
A distribution list may be used when multiple receivers are sent the same e-mail message. | true
Blogs are more conversational in tone than a business letter | true
A user-friendly web design and effective navigation enhance the credibility of a website. | true
The first step in developing a business message is to draft the message | false
Message purposes should be established within the framework of the four business communication goals. | true
Writers should use the more is betterEprinciple when selecting the number and variety of word processing emphasis techniques to use in print and e-mail messages | false
Revising and editing are different names for the same process | false
Grammar and spelling errors need not be corrected in business messages sent via e-mail | false
Proofreading is done before and after revising and editing | true
Business e-mail should be developed using the same three-step plan as other messages | true
E-mail is so popular because it affords a high degree of privacy | false
A grammar checker detects and corrects grammar and punctuation errors | false
A message with long words and sentences may have a high readability level even if the words are familiar and the sentences are easy to understand | true
All computer programs are not compatible when it comes to attachments, and some e-mail programs dont support multiple attachments | true
Use emoticons in business e-mail to give personality to your messages | false
The most important information in an e-mail should be the opening sentence or paragraph. | true
If you inadvertently send an e-mail before you are ready, it is easy to retrieve or cancel the e-mail | false
Format and style of a message vary with the audience | false
The revision stage allows the writer to make changes that add strength and distinctiveness to the message | true
A thesaurus suggests alternatives or antonyms for words in a message | false
Readability formulas assess the sentence length, complexity of sentence structure, and the number of syllables or characters in words | true
The ccEfeature of e-mail is used to ensure receiversEe-mail addresses are not made public | false
Websites need regular maintenance; at a minimum, semi-annual updates to a website should be made. | false
The four areas in which you analyze the receiver of a message are | knowledge, interests, attitudes, and emotional reaction
Which of the following is the three-step process for developing business messages? | plan, draft, finalize.
Which of the following is NOT part of the planning process? | apply the principles of business communication.
The best organizational plan and best type of message for persuading someone to donate to a community project that feeds the homeless is a(n) | indirect, written message
Which of the following is NOT a step in the proofreading process | read the material to a colleague bottom to top.
The revising process includes all but which one of the following? | determining whether the message is mechanically correct
Which of the following is an appropriate situation in which to use e-mail? | reminder of an upcoming deadline for budget submissions
An advantage of an oral message is that it | allows for immediate feedback.
Which of the following is the best subject line for an e-mail message? | budget request due february 15
Which of the following statements about instant messaging is NOT true? | a professional tone with no slang is a hallmark of instant messaging.
The impression a message makes is based solely on its content | false 
A letter may be used for formal communication between an organization and its employees. | true
06/03/2011 is an acceptable format for the date in a letter from an organization to one of its customers | false
Letterhead stationery should be used for all pages of a letter | false
The complimentary close Respectfully is too formal to use with the salutation Dear Rob. | true
Addressee and delivery notations are placed on an envelope, but not on a letter. | false
A subject line is considered part of the letter body. | true
The trend in business writing is to place the receiver's name in an attention line rather than keying it as the first line of the inside address | false
An enclosure notation alerts the receiver that something has been included with the letter. | true
The notation bcc stands for business courtesy copy. | false
A postscript may be keyed or handwritten. | true
Mixed punctuation means the salutation is followed by a colon, and the complimentary close has no punctuation | false
In a personal business letter, the date is keyed directly below the writer's return address. | true
Although the language in which a letter is written may vary from country to country, the formats used for letter are standard worldwide | false
REGISTERED MAIL is an addressee notation | false
The spacing used for the body of a memo is the same as that used in a full-block letter. | true
Using a greeting before and a signature after the text of an e-mail message is a function of style, not a format requirement | true
The difference between executive letterhead stationery and standard letterhead stationery is the quality of the paper. | false
Organizations select 20-pound bond for letterhead stationery not only because it looks good but also because it is durable | true
The color and quality of the paper used for an envelope should match that used for the letter. | true
Which of the following items is not considered to be a standard letter part? | enclosure notation
Which of the following date displays is correct for a business letter? | may 16, 2011
Which of the following statements about letterhead stationery is incorrect? | only contact information should be included in a letterhead.
Ruthann Rodgers is writing a personal business letter to her bank. Which of the following represents the correct format for the heading of her letter | 1234 avenue c - denver, co 75926-3882 - august 6, 2011
When a message extends to two or more pages | key the receiver's name, the page number, and the date starting one inch from the top edge of the paper
If less than a full paragraph of letter text can be carried to a continuation page, the writer should: | revise the message to fit on one page.
A writer may use street abbreviations (e.g., St. for Street) within an inside address when: | abbreviating the word will create a balanced display.
Which of the following salutations works best in a letter addressed to the attention of Barb Colby, the Marketing Manager at Jeckyl Manufacturing Company | ladies and gentlemen
Margo Clark keyed a letter written by Bill Ramkin and signed by DWayne Bullock. Which of the following sets of reference initials best represents this situation? | br:mc
The letter format in which a subject line is standard rather than supplementary is the: | simplified format.
Repeating the same idea in the opening and closing paragraphs of a direct plan message stresses the main idea | false
A claim is a request for action written by someone who believes he or she has been wronged. | true
Most messages written in business may be described as being positive or neutral news. | true
The purpose of a message must be decided before the direct plan can be implemented. | true
When using the direct plan, a writer presents the explanation from his or her point of view. | false
When using the direct plan, you may place the main idea either in a subject line or in the first paragraph | true
Personalizing the sales appeal in a message organized by the direct plan will encourage the reader to act positively on the appeal | true
If used as part of the direct plan, a sales appeal may be presented as a separate paragraph or combined with the friendly close. | true
Unsolicited positive or neutral news messages occur only in internal communication. | false
The opening paragraph of a request for information should provide background about the situation that prompts the writer to make the request | false
Setting the date by which a receiver should respond to a request or claim is rude and pushy. | false
When requesting information about an individual, the writer should be sure to ask only specific, relevant questions | true
Claim adjustments and request approvals help organizations generate goodwill. | true
Because a request made via e-mail will be responded to via e-mail, the request writer doesnt have to include personal contact information | false
Although claims are written using the direct plan, a writer should not ask for a specific remedy  until after he or she has provided a detailed explanation of the circumstances of the claim | true
Threatening not to do business with the receiver's organization in the future will increase the chances of having your claim approved | false
A claim adjustment should include an apology only when the writer's analysis suggests the receiver expects it | true
A social business message is sent to communicate your interest and concern | true
It is appropriate to send congratulatory messages to both organizations and individuals | true
Congratulatory messages are appropriate for business-related accomplishments but not for personal achievements | false
A condolence message should begin and end with a statement of sympathy | false
Because it conveys a more professional image, a letter is a better choice for a condolence message than a handwritten message on a card | false
The expression of gratitude should be given in the first paragraph of an appreciation message. | true
A letter or card of appreciation is appropriate for a longstanding record of thoughtfulness, but an oral thank you is sufficient for a one-time effort | false
Jack Murphy wants to invite the five people he supervises to a picnic at his home. Because the group is small and the event is informal, Jack could handwrite his invitation, photocopy it, and hand it to the receivers | false
When thanking an individual for doing something related to his or her job, sending a copy of the letter of appreciation to the individual's supervisor is intrusive and violates the principles of human resource management | false
A holiday greeting may be sent before or during any festive season | true
To celebrate the new year, Hathaway Insurance sent each of its clients a calendar. Because the calendar contained the name, logo, and slogan of the insurance agency, this message must be considered a sales message, not a social business message | false
A letter welcoming the receiver as a new credit card customer should not contain coupons or sales offers. | false
Sending an e-mail followed by a personal note or card will create a more positive impressing than sending only an e-mail | true
Which of the following message should NOT be written using the direct plan? | a memo announcing that the company day care center will be closed for five weeks during remodeling. 
The direct plan is used for positive and neutral business messages because | placing the main idea early in the message attracts the reader's attention.	
Sara Garrett is requesting information about Hugh Rolle, a candidate for a sales position at Better Beverages. Sara will improve her chances of getting a thorough reply if she | asks relevant questions and assures the reader responses will be kept confidential.
The claim letter differs from other positive and neutral messages using the direct plan because it may | contain negative information
George Karim's current department store credit card statement includes a charge for merchandise he returned, so he is writing to ask that the charge be removed.  To give his claim credibility, George should | enclose a copy of the receipt he was given when he returned the merchandise
When setting the date by which you want your receiver to reply to your request or claim, you should | tell the receiver why meeting your timeline is important
Andrea Swank is responding to a complaint from a customer who claimed he received poor service at her store. Which of the following statements represents the best close for her message | use the enclosed coupon on our next visit to swanks, where customer satisfaction is our goal.
In the explanation section of a claim adjustment message, the sender should | focus on what has been done to solve or correct the problem
The key elements in a social business message are | honesty and completeness.
While reading the October issue of her college alumni newsletter, Elise Black learned that Elliot Mumbor, one of her classmates, had received an award the previous March.  Elise should | send her classmate a greeting card on which she writes a personal message
Todd Pritchert is writing a letter to thank those who volunteered at this year's Downtown Youth Center fundraising event. Which of the following represents the best opening paragraph for his message? | time is a precious commodity. by donating your time to this year's dyc fundraiser, you demonstrated your commitment to the youth of pueblo. we and they are grateful for your efforts
Which of the following closings would be best in a letter to a friend and co-worker whose fiance died in an auto accident? | let's get together for dinner later this month and talk about the good times you, terry, and i shared. 
Party Palace has relocated and plans to hold an open house to showcase it's new facility. Which of the following openings best reflects appropriate use of the direct plan for the invitation to this event? | please join us as we celebrate the opening of party palace's new store!
What type of social business  message is most likely to use an RSVP? | invitation
Which of the following should be considered when determining the formality of a goodwill message? | familiarity with the receiver
Composing negative messages without using a single negative word is possible and desirable | true
All negative messages should be composed using the indirect plan | false
Trying to maintain neutrality in the opening of a negative message is unethical | false
Negative information may be included in the same paragraph as the explanation | true
One way to de-emphasize the negative inforrmation is to place it in a dependent clause | true
The friendly close should not include anything that reminds the receiver of negative information given in the message | true
The composer of a negative message should analyze the situation before implementing the indirect plan | true
In the logical explanation of a negative message, it is important to be positive | true
Use de-emphasis techniques when presenting the negative information | true
The negative information section of a negative message should be emphasized to ensure that part of the message is clear | false
A negative message is any message that is unpleasant, disappointing, or unfavorable in the mind of the receiver | true
In an adjustment refusal message, you may refuse the claim but still try to sell the customer more merchandise or service | true
A negative message initiated by the receiver is considered an unsolicited negative message. | false
In some situations, the constructive follow-up can immediately follow the negative information in the same paragraph | true
The primary goal in presenting negative information is to be sure that the receiver clearly understands this part of your message | true
The negative information should be stated in several words or sentences so that the negative facts will not be noticed. | false
The constructive follow-up provides other solutions or gives additional reasoning that will justify the unfavorable information. | true
All receivers respond favorably to the indirect plan when it is used for presenting negative information | false
A letter is the best way to convey negative information of high importance | false
One purpose of the friendly close is to move the receiver's mind away from the negative information. | true
What is one of the most important aspects of the indirect plan | the reasoning to justify the negative information is presented before the negative information
Which of the following statements is NOT an advantage of the indirect plan? | it emphasizes the negative information.
Which of the following negative messages is an example of one that should use the direct plan? | response to a death or tragedy
The negative information section of a negative message should | come immediately after the logical explanation.
The logical explanation of the indirect plan | includes both a and c..
If the opening buffer and logical explanation are effective, the receiver will | respond favorably to the words you chose for the logical explanation .
Which of the following is NOT a proper way to communicate a credit refusal? | form memo
The best way to implement the requirement that de-emphasis techniques be used in the negative information is to | address the negative information in the middle of a paragraph.
Which of the following openings would be best for a letter in which you are refusing an adjustment? | your recent purchase of a ...
The unsolicited negative message is somewhat different than other negative messages because it is | sender initiated.
A persuasive message is a communication in which you try to change the opinion of the message's receiver | true
The fault is disputable in a special claims message | true
A sales message is the most common persuasive message in external communication. | true
More is betterEwhen using numbers, facts, and testimonials as proof of benefits; it will increase the receiver's interest in your message. | false
Persuasive messages will be viewed as neither positive nor negative by the receiver. | true
A harsh reminder may alienate the customer who intended to pay on time | true
The desire section of an indirect plan for persuasion asks the receiver to take immediate action. | false
A simple request should use the direct approach, but a complex request should use an indirect approach. | true
The indirect plan is used to put the receiver in the proper frame of mind to accept information that might be objectionable. | true
Recommendations can be submitted at all organizational levels | true
If you know about your product or service (strengths, weaknesses, and markets) when writing a sales message, it it not necessary to know about the competition. | false
Giving the receiver a deadline by which to take the desired action makes you appear pushy. | false
A call to action ends most persuasive messages | true
By using the you-viewpoint in a persuasive message, you involve the receiver in the topic and stimulate their interest. | true
Reminder stickers are one technique that may be used in the appeal stage of collection | false
Many times a sales letter will not use a salutation | true
The number of steps in each collection stage should be consistent from customer to customer to ensure unbiased treatment. | false
An effective persuasive message tells the receiver the negative consequences that will be realized if he or she does not take the desired action | false
It is critical to maintain the receiver's goodwill in a collection message in the warning stage | false
In a sales letter it is more likely that the receiver will develop interest in a product or service if general statements of the benefits, not specific statements, are used | false 
The three stages of a collection message are progressively more persuasive. | true
Receivers of all requests will need to be persuaded to take action | false
The opening of a persuasive message should be brief and positive | true
The sender of a special claims letter does not need to convince the receiver that a refund is appropriate. | false
One danger of using gimmicks to get the receiver's attention is they may be seen as misleading and cause the receiver to react to the message unfavorably. | true
Which of the following is the proper sequence for a persuasive message using the indirect plan? | attention, interest, desire, action
Which of the following methods should NOT be used to capture attention in the opening paragraph of a persuasive message? | use of a hyperlink
Which of the following comments best describes a collection message in the appeal stage? | it uses the indirect persuasive outline.
What is one way that a sales message differs from other business letters? | sentence fragments may be used in a sales message
Which of the following is NOT a persuasive message | invitation
Which of the following statements about collection messages is INCORRECT? | the writer of a collection message in the appeal stage should not mention a customer's reputation or credit rating
The correct order of the three stages of collection messages is | reminder, appeal, warning
Which of the following is the best closing for a persuasive request? | please e-mail me your response at rita.prosky@gmetric.com by april 24.
Which of the following is NOT a good opening for a persuasive request? | i would like you to apply for the financial analyst position that is open in our department
Which of the following situations requires a special claims message? | your company recently purchased 15 laptop computers for executives who travel frequently.  after two weeks of use, four of the executives indicated that the batteries do not hold a charge for more than an hour.
Formal reports use side headings; informal reports do not | false
Memo reports are written for an internal audience; letter reports may be written for either an internal or an external audience | false
Standardizing the format of a technical report makes it easy for readers to scan the document for the specific item(s) of interest to them | true
Research problems may be phrased as statements or questions | true
Brainstorming and cluster diagramming can help researchers set the scope of a project. | true
When setting the time schedule for a research project, work back from the deadline date. | true
Research studies conducted  by current employees using data obtained from the organization's files do not need to have a budget. | false 
Research procedures vary from project to project. | true
The standards for documenting information obtained from web sources are less rigid than the standards for documenting print secondary sources | false
The primary receivers (readers) of a message must be analyzed; the secondary receivers need not be analyzed | false
Face-to-face surveys can be costly, but they produce the most in-depth responses | true
Pilot testing or field testing a survey can help to identify questions that need to be reworded to improve clarity | true
Focus group participants may be less open with their responses if they know they are being taped; therefore, it is better not to tell them they are being recorded. | false
The conclusions and recommendations sections of a report allow the researcher to infuse his or her opinions into a report | false
The introduction of a report helps the reader understand the scope and sequence of the report. | true
The executive summary of a report emphasizes the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the study. | true
The guidelines and policies of an organization must be considered when deciding how to format a formal report. | true
All appendixes included with a report must be referred to within the body of the report. | true
Headings must be parallel within and between levels | false
It is unnecessary to include a source citation for paraphrased material. | false 
The formality of a report is | based on the culture of the writer's organization.
Which of the following report types is also known as a status report? | progress
You start planning a research study by | stating the problem.
What is a Gantt chart? | a time schedule
Buchan Molding manufactures plastic tubing used in various industries. Which of the following represents the best way for Buchan to gather customer satisfaction data about the service  received during the lengthy, complicated transactions common in its business? | conduct a telephone survey.
All but which of the following is a primary date source? | a website located through an internet search
Experiments | are used to identify a better way of doing things.
The solution to a research problem is presented in the report as a part of the | recommendations.
If a formal report contains a comprehensive letter of transmittal, the report will not contain a/an | executive summary
Which of the following headings is NOT grammatically parallel to the others? | income generated from patents
When designing a questionare, allow respondents the freedom to interpret questions to fit their situation | work from the factors being studied
External proposals may be submitted to customers, corporations, foundations, or governemt agencies | true
Proposals are persuasive messages that have a high success-to-failure ratio | false
Formal proposals are highly structured documents that may resemble formal reports | true
Staff at not-for-profit organizations write grant proposals to request money or tangible goods. | true
The organization that submits the proposal selected in response to an RFP will be awarded a contract for the project | false 
An RFP that includes information about time, budget, or other constraints related to the project helps readers determine whether to respond. | true
The cover letter or memo that accompanies a proposal is also known as the Summary or the Overview. | false
The title of a proposal should be brief and answer the questions Who? What? Where? When? Why? and How? | true
The background and problem/need sections of a proposal may be combined or, if lengthy, presented separately | true
The benefits of a proposal should be stated realistically and written using the you-viewpoint. | true
The evaluation plan in a proposal provides a way to judge the degree of success achieved if the proposal is implemented | true
A good proposal should not only describe the solution but also show that those involved have the qualifications to implement it | true
When proposal writing is done collaboratively, one member of the team should accept responsibility for ensuring the finished document is consistent and coherent. | true
The format used in preparing a proposal can affect both readability and general interest in the topic. | true
Oral and written proposals should contain the same essential elements if they are to be successful. | true 
Underestimating the cost of a project will make a business plan more attractive to potential investors. | true
An appendix section is appropriate in a proposal but not in a business plan. | false
To seem more forceful, policy statements should be written in the first person. | false
The details in a news release should be presented in chronological sequence. | false
Audience analysis plays an important part in performance appraisal writing no matter how often a supervisor has evaluated a particular employee | true
The primary purpose of a performance appraisal is to determine a worker's eligibility for a salary increase | false
Amber Case is a sales representative for an office equipment company. Last week, Amber called on Billings Concrete and learned from the office manager, Bob Rydell, that the company was having problems with its aging photocopier. When Amber checked her e-mail Tuesday morning, she found an e-mail from Bob asking about the cost of a new copier with the same features as the company's current unit.  In response, Amber prepared a letter in which she described the features, benefits, and costs of two models. This situation is an example of | informal request, formal response.
The essential elements in a solicited external proposal are | specified in the rfp
Which section of an RFP outlines the parameters to be used in selecting the successful proposal? | evaluation criteria
When the format for an RFP to which you are responding doesnt call for information that you think is important, you should | integrate the information into sections that fit the format.	
Which proposal section sets the context for the reader, reviews the highlights of the proposal, and encourages action? | cover letter or memo
Which of the following titles is best for an unsolicited proposal to an agency that funds community-based projects | the green thumb project: teaching inner-city youth about gardening
The legal structure of a business should be described in which section of a business plan? | ownership/management/staffing
A policy statement should be written | general for managers and specific for nonmanagerial employees
The inverted pyramid format is used with | news releases.
Which of the following statements is NOT true of performance appraisals? | they may include humor if audience analysis dictates it will be well received.
One of the most important purposes of a visual aid in a business report is to make the report colorful and attractive | false
An organization chart shows supervisory and direct reporting relationships within an organization. | true
The best location for a visual aid is on the same page as the text referring to it or the next page. | true
A stacked-bar chart shows comparison of variable values that fall above or below a reference point. | false
Illustrations that relate indirectly to the text should not be placed in the body of the report. | true
Pictures, SmartArt. or clip art would be shown as figures or illustrations using a traditional style manual (HOW 12} | true
An effective visual aid in a written report should be easily understood without referring to the text material. | false
Organization charts should be used only when they show the entire organization. | false
A source note gives credit to the resource used for the illustration | true
Every visual aid should have a title that, along with the contents, makes the meaning clear | true
A legend should be shown on a multiple-line or multiple-bar graph to identify the lines or bars | true
A positive-negative bar chart is the best illustration for showing elements within a quantitative variable | false
Light and dark shadings are better than different colots for showing multiple item values on a bar chart unless all copies will be produced on a color printer or copier | true
Two formatting styles used in business reports for illustrations are APA and traditional (HOW 12) | true
If more than one illustration appears in a written report, all visual aids within the report should be referred to in the text by number before they are shown; that is, the text reference to the visual should come before placement of the visual. | true
Up to ten areas can be compared in one multiple-bar graph | false
A style manual is used by publishers to maintain consistency in writing and formatting their publications | true
Tables are efficient for presenting detailed data in a small amount of space | true
Word tables can present a comparison of ideas or characteristics of different items | true
Flip charts and posters are economical, easy-to-use visual aids for large groups | false
Which of the following is correct for the use of source notes for visual aids? | the source note goes below the illustration; however, apa uses the italicized word note followed by a period before the resource information.
In APA format, each table is numbered separately and referred to as a (an) | table.
Which chart is best in demonstrating differences in values within variables by dividing each bar into its parts | stacked-bar chart
Which of the following statements is NOT true of visual aids in business reports? | placing the number and title above a figure follows apa style.
The best visual aid to illustrate step-by-step progression of a complex procedure is a (an) | flowchart
Physical objects are sometimes passed around as part of a presentation. Which of the following statements is NOT true about their use? | use of a physical object does not reinforce the message.
Slides or transparencies work well with groups of different sizes. Which one of the following statements is NOT true about their use for presentations. | type should be in uppercase letters to be easily read
Which of the following is NOT true of titles of illustrations for business reports? | for apa and traditional styles, titles are placed under a figure
Which two of the following charts does not begin with zero at the bottom, extreme left? | positive-negative bar charts
Which visual aid is best to illustrate how the parts of a whole are distributed? | pie chart
"Communication climate" refers to the free flow of ideas within an organization. | false
Relationships generally begin with cautious conversation | true
The closing to a conversation may be verbal, nonverbal, or both. | true 
Interpersonal communication encompasses the verbal and nonverbal skills used in one-to-one and small-group interactions. | true
On a self-managed team, some members have more responsibility for the finished product. | false
Once damaged, a relationship cannot be repaired. | false
Writing teams face the same challenges as teams formed for other purposes. | true
Participating on a team can positively impact an individual's business knowledge and result in enhanced visibility in the organization as well better project management skills | true
One-to-one oral communication is less valuable in business than is one-to-one written communication. | false
Only those who play a role in reaching a group's goals should be invited to a meeting. | true
It is inappropriate for the leader of a meeting to set time limits for the topics on an agenda. | false
Agendas are less important for audio and video conferences than for face-to-face meetings. | false
In collaborative writing, the task of analyzing the receiver is done by the group. | true
The attitudes, personal qualities, social graces, and habits that make someone a good employee and compatible coworker are referred to as soft skills.E | true
The second stage of conversation, the exchange, is delivered using the direct plan. | false
Being aggressive during a conversational exchange demonstrates your enthusiasm for the topic being discussed | false
Fast-paced questioning shows your interest and stimulates discussion. | false
Constructive feedback and criticism are different names for the same process. | false
Having two or more people work together to draft a document is effective and efficient. | false
During a meeting it is the responsibility of the recorder to keep the group focused and not allow the discussion to stray off topic. | false
Relationships cannot be repaired unless the participants are willing to let go of the problem that caused the breakdown. | true
A process-improvement team draws its strength from the perspectives and diverse viewpoints its members represent. | false
Your goals when facilitating conflict resolution are to identify who was at fault and to have him or her apologize. | false
Webcasting is real-time, two-way communication. | false
A person's status within the organization should be considered when a team evaluates the contributor's ideas. | false
Webconferencing is a two-way synchronous communication. | true
Traditional teams are bound by time and location; virtual teams are not. | true
The anonymity of virtual discussions or meetings can reduce an individual's fear of disapproval; as a result, participation increases. | true
The main purpose of constructive feedback is to help people understand where they stand in relation to the expected job behavior. | true
One benefit of keeping teams to ten or fewer members is that contributions are likely to be more balanced. | true
An open-ended question | can be used when background information is required.
A small group meeting participant spends most of his or her time | listening.
Creating and holding a mental image of the person with whom you are conversing by telephone will | help you keep the conversation focused on the other person.
The three most common communication styles are | passive, aggressive, and assertive.
On her way to an important Friday morning meeting, Shannon Gaydos observes one of the people she supervises speaking harshly to a customer. Shannon knows she must offer constructive feedback to the employee, so she decides to | stress the benefits the receiver will gain by modifying his/her behavior.
You are trying to persuade colleagues in a branch office in another state that changes in Crater Mountain Hospital design are necessary before it goes out for bids.  You want to present the changes and the benefit to your company and the client of making these proposed changes.  Which of the following would be the most effective communication method for you to deliver your message | video conference
The quality of thinking that emerges from small-group meetings | is usually higher than one person can achieve alone.
The conflict resolution technique of compromise should be used when | some areas of agreement exist.
Which of the following web-assisted technologies allows you to store a presentation and watch it  at a later time | web caching
Jordan Ragsdale has been the chair of a committee within his firm for over a year. Michelle Wymer became a member of the group about a month ago. Since joining the committee, Michelle has made few if any comments, yet Jordan knows she has creative ideas to share because she has discussed them with him outside of the group's regular weekly meeting. Jordan wants to encourage Michelle to speak at meetings. What should he do? | during the meeting, ask michelle direct questions related to her area of expertise.
Hearing involves understanding and retaining what has been said | false
Nonverbal cues provide information that can either add to or detract from a message. | true
Good listening skills can improve productivity. | true
Listening should occur more often than speaking. | true 
During remembering, a message receiver assigns meaning to stimuli. | false
Passive listening is a technique for improving understanding of what is being said by taking into account how something is said and the nonverbal and body language that accompanies what is being said | false
Interpreting involves assigning meaning to both verbal and nonverbal cues. | true
Hearing and listening are different terms for the same physical process. | false
To avoid interrupting a speaker, a listener should distinguish between a mid-thought pause and the end of a comment | true
Start formulating questions for the speaker while he/she is still speaking so you are organized and ready to speak when the speaker stops talking | false
A speaker cannot communicate an oral message without using nonverbal cues. | true
Body language conveys immediate feedback to the sender of a message | true
Listeners use cautious listening when they want to concentrate on specific details rather than general concepts | false
A speaker should not display facial expressions because they may change the meaning of an oral message. | false
Paraphrasing is repeating back to the speaker what he/she just said; this signals the message was received just as the speaker said it | false
Our minds filter the contents of a message based on our experiences, age, knowledge, and emotions. | false
A weak handshake communicates a negative message. | true
Stimuli may be external or internal. | true
An individual may be unaware that he or she is transmitting a nonverbal message. | true
A speaker's physical appearance can affect his/her credibility with the audience. | true
Small-group or one-to-one presentations lend themselves best to nonverbal feedback. | true
Taking careful, detailed notes is important to helping remember what has been said. | false
During filtering, a listener tries to eliminate unwanted verbal and nonverbal stimuli. | true
A nonverbal message may be interpreted differently by individuals from different cultures. | true
A listener engaged in skimming wants to remember concepts and details. | false
Which of the following is NOT a speech barrier to listening | unusual pronunciations
Which of the following is NOT a mode commonly used to listen to messages? | careful listening
One shortcoming of the scanning mode of listening is | your mind may wander.
The type of note taking that most enhances your listening effectiveness is | keyword.
Which of the following is NOT correct about nonverbal communication? | all managers view punctuality as being important.
Jaycee and Michele have a weekly meeting to discuss staffing in the four restaurants they own. Jaycee always starts the meeting by telling Michele a joke. Today, though, there was no joke--just a negative comment about the weather. Michele's awareness of the change in Jaycee's behavior is called | benchmarking
Eye contact is | a signal to the speaker when to talk or finish
Which of the following nonverbal behaviors is considered positive | leaning toward the person with whom you are conversing
Which of the following is the best example of a mental distraction? | thinking of a meeting at which you will be speaking in an hour
Which of the following is NOT a result of effective listening | improved verbal skills
In oral communication, what you say is more important than how you say it. | false
While voice pitch can be used effectively for emphasis, voice volume refers simply to being heard by others | false
Storytelling is used to communicate information and enhance the oral communication process | true
Both speed and volume can be used to emphasize parts of your message. | true
The tone with which a message is spoken can affect the way a receiver interprets that message. | true
Enunciation and pronunciation are used interchangeably when discussing how to use your voice effectively. | false
Purpose statements should be phrased in terms of the desired result or outcome | true
Although a lack of confidence on your part will cause you discomfort, it will not particularly bother your audience. | false
Thorough preparation helps to build a speaker's confidence | true
Making eye contact with your receiver(s) is one way to project confidence | true
You can exhibit friendliness by showing a genuine interest in the feedback your audience provides. | true
Your personal appearance is an important part of the total communication environment. | true
The overall organizational framework for a presentation is (1) opening, (2) body, and (3) closing. | true
For most business oral presentations, it is best to use the extemporaneous delivery technique. | true
It is possible to indicate comparisons and contrasts with voice pitch. | true
It is not necessary for a speaker to identify each main point in the body of the presentation; the audience will know by the tone and volume of the speaker's voice. | false
The closing of a presentation may be a summary of the main points in the presentation or specific what you would like the audience to do. | true
Rehearsing a presentation will make it sound and look "canned." | false
Storytelling is used to inform, to stimulate imagination, and to build community. | true
To impress an audience, use jargon, acronyms, and highly technical terms. | false
Effective communicators can evaluate nonverbal feedback from their audience while they are presenting their material. | true 
The topic and objective of your presentation will determine the organizational pattern used. | true
Platform microphones are the most restrictive; handheld microphones are the least restrictive. | false
Moderators of web conferences, in addition to having some of the same responsibilities as an emcee, are responsible for some of the technical aspects of the event. | false
A team presentation should be viewed as a series of mini-presentations equal to the number of people on the team | false
Participants in a radio interview have to rely entirely on voice and words to convey the message to the audience | true	
The causal organizational pattern is used in presentations where the speaker is attempting to persuade the audience | true
Speaking with too little confidence to a large group is called nervousness | false
A presentation typically has five to seven main points | false
Presentation aids are designed to increase comprehension and to entertain the audience | false
Pitch refers to the | highness or lowness of your voice
A manuscript speech | is used only when precise wording is required
When preparing a presentation, it is not necessary to include | materials to use in the question-and-answer period
Rebekah Anspach has just been assigned the task of making an oral presentation to the budget committee of the company she joined three months ago.  The first thing Rebekah should do is | determine the purpose of the presentation
Which of the following is NOT a reason for mispronouncing a word? | the speaker talks too fast and doesnt take care to verify that he or she is saying the word correctly
Which of the following is a disadvantage of an impromptu presentation? | increase use of verbal fillers
What organizational plan would be best for an oral presentation in which a person is being introduced to an audience | direct or indirect
If you have prepared a packet of information to share with those attending your presentation, you should | tell the audience early in the presentation that the materials will be available following the presentation
Bolsa Industries is implementing a new insurance program, and Thuy Nguyen has been assigned the task of explaining the plan to employees. During the question-and-answer session, one of the attendees incorporates a negative remark about the plan into his question. In responding, Thuy should | rephrase the question then answer it.
When introducing the people seated at a head table, an emcee should | move from his/her far right to center, then far left to center
A self-analysis inventory should be started a few weeks prior to starting the job search | false
You should determine your job preferences before beginning a self-analysis | false
The rsumEis the primary tool in securing an interview | true
The first step in a job campaign is to obtain information about employment opportunities. | false
The summary of qualifications in a rsumEshould include keywords. | true
Your most important business communication will be about your employment. | true
One of the first places to begin your job search is your campus career center. | true
The term solicited position means a specific job for which you have been solicited to apply. | false
All communication with prospective employers should focus on how your skills and abilities can contribute in the position for which you are applying | true
One goal of developing networking contacts is to create awareness that you are seeking employment opportunities | true
Use a specific career objective for a targeted position. | true
Targeted rsums may use the chronological, functional, or combination format; general rsums only use the chronological format. | false
A targeted rsumE is less powerful than a general rsumE. | false
If your high school record is fairly recent and shows considerable accomplishment, include it in your rsumE; otherwise, omit it. | true
If you are applying for multiple jobs, you may want to have different versions of your objective to focus on the specific position for which you are applying. | true
The Education section should always follow the rsumE opening. | false
It is a good idea to link your web page profile with a personal website so prospective employers have all the information they need to make a hiring decision. | false
Keywords are generally verbs that describe you and are placed at the beginning or the end of the rsumE. | false
A web page profile is a personal website. | false
You should prepare a separate reference list to accompany your rsumE. | true
At job/career fairs you will have the opportunity to contact many prospective employers in one day. | true 
When setting job and career targets, consider personal factors and values. | true
Your most recent supervisor should be listed as a reference even if he or she will not give a positive reference | false
A functional rsumEgroups education and accomplishment under skills or functions that are pertinent to your career objective | false
The chronological rsumEformat presents information within each section by date, beginning with the most recent date. | true
Managers who regularly review rsums and make decisions on who will be invited for an interview generally prefer | a chronological rsume
An applicant tracking computer system in the human resources department | scans a rsumeand places it in an electronic folder.
For each job you have held, the most important information to list in a rsumEis your | job accomplishments.
For new college graduates with limited experience, the preferred number of pages for a rsumEis | one
The first step in your job campaign is to | inventory your qualifications, strengths, and interests to know yourself well.
The combination rsumEwould be best for which of the following individuals? | an individual who has just graduated and has limited experience other than internships and/or part-time work while in school
Which of the following is the best summary of qualifications statement? | increased sales in territory 18 percent over a three-year period.
The primary purpose of networking contacts is to | seek their guidance and advice.
The best arrangements for a rsumEfor a college graduate who has extensive experience is | opening; experience; education; activities, honors, or special skills.
Which of the following should NOT be included in the contact information for a business colleague serving as a reference? | home address
You can send a targeted rsumEand a general application letter. | false
Application letters are sales letters with your knowledge and skills as the product. | true
If you think it has been too long since you have heard about your application, it is appropriate to call or write the employer | true
Since the purpose of an application letter and rsumEis to obtain an interview, you should ask for it directly in your letter. | true
Application letters may be sent electronically | true
When responding to a job advertisement, read the ad carefully and use words in the letter that fit both you and the language in the ad. | true
You should always send an e-mail thank you letter because it is faster | false
An interview is important because it can determine your career's future course. | true
Even if you are definitely not interested in the job, it is still appropriate to follow up an interview. | true
Researching information about a specific company or career helps you create an effective application letter that focuses on the potential employer's needs and explains your qualifications from the you-viewpoint. | true
If asked an illegal or inappropriate question, you are usually wise to show anger or irritation so the interviewer will know the question was offensive. | false
A behavioral interview question asks how you would handle a hypothetical situation. | false
You should avoid talking in an interview about your achievements because employers appreciate employees who are modest. | false
Upon greeting the interviewer, extend your hand for a handshake and sit down. | false
A letter of application can be submitted to a potential employer instead of a rsumE | false
The salary question is the first one that you should ask the employer when the interview begins so the interview will not be a waste of time if the salary quoted is not acceptable. | false
Pausing before responding to an interview question demonstrates a lack of self-confidence. | false
The Internet is one good source to learn about a company or organization prior to an interview. | true
An application letter does not repeat the same information that is in your rsumE | true
Most resignation letters are written using the direct plan because they are routine and preceded by a resignation in person. | true
If the company at which you are interviewing has a business casual dress code, you should dress in business casual attire for the interview to show the interviewer you will fit in. | false
Questions asked in a panel interview are usually the same for all candidates. | true
An employment application provides the prospective employer with a signed record of your personal and employment history. | true
You cannot be fired for embellishing your skills or education/experience on the employment application if you have already been hired. | false
An advantage of traditional interview questions is that the answers center on actual events and are less likely to be only an answer the applicant believes the interviewer expects. | false
If you are given an opportunity to ask question at the end of the interview, concentrate your questions on topics of personal benefit to you. | false
An interviewer may intentionally challenge you by asking difficult questions to see how you handle different situations. | true
The most common initial screening interview is done by telephone. | true
Thr purpose of the portfolio is to prove or demonstrate your skills and accomplishments. | true
An unacceptable interview question is one that does not relate to the job requirements. | true
Which of the following interview questions is a behavioral question? | give me an example of a situation in which you were successful (or unsuccessful) in motivating someone.
How should you best respond to interview questions? | be enthusiastic, honest, sincere, and state your accomplishments in a specific and positive manner.
The most important part of an application letter is the | accomplishments that relate to the job requirements.
An interview question that asks about one of your weaknesses would be answered best by | naming a weakness and turning it into a strength.
Which of the following would NOT be a strong closing for an application letter? | i am enclosing my rsumefor you to consider.  when can i expect to hear from you?
Which one of the following is NOT an element upon which an employment application is evaluated? | the organization of the information entered on the application
Interviewers use behavioral questions because they | focus on how the applicant has acted in the past in a specific situation.
Which of the following would NOT be appropriate for the opening of an application letter? | describing your most outstanding accomplishments
A screening interview is | used to qualify applicants for the selection interview.
Which of the following is the best content for an answer to the interview question, What do you consider your strengths?E | relate your skills and knowledge to the job requirements.
Communication outside the organization is more important than communication inside the organization | false
External audiences include customers, suppliers, and government agencies | true
In business communication, senders and receivers try to establish a common understanding | true
The sender must assume responsibility for achieving the goals of business communication | true
Receivers may respond to a message through words, actions, or both | true
Enclosing a reply card with a message is one way to achieve the goal of developing a favorable relationship | false
Informal communication helps develop and maintain good human relationships | true
Network communication follows the chain of command within an organization | false
The communication environment includes all things perceived by the participants | true
Internal and external messages maybe either formal or informal | true
Written messages provide the greatest opportunity for immediate feedback and confirmation of understanding | false
The situation and receiver should guide your selection of message type and communication channel | true
E-mail has facilitated the growth of informal written messages | true
In serial communication situations, senders should keep their message simple and repeat the message. | false
The most important considerations for a sender are to analyze the receiver and to use the you-viewpoint | true
Choosing words that are too easy for your receiver can be a communication barrier | true
An implication is a conclusion drawn by a receiver | false
A sender's credibility is based solely on the content of his or her message. | false
Complex job instructions should be presented in writing | true
The most important goal of business communication is | receiver understanding
Which of the following is NOT an issue to be considered by a message sender who wishes to achieve the goal of receiver understanding? | professional growth
The sender's most important role in the communication process is to | analyze the receiver for the you-viewpoint
When working to create and maintain a favorable relationship with a receiver, a sender should | use positive wording
Networks are | sources of professional and personal support
The sender analyzes the receiver's knowledge so that the sender can | compose the message at the proper level
Which of the following terms best describes the grapevine as a communication pattern | informal
If a receiver has a hearing problem that causes a communication barrier in a given situation,the sender should | speak louder or put the message in writing.
Which of the following sentences is in the you-viewpoint | for the healthy foods your body needs, come to foodcenter.
To succeed in the new millennium, American workers no longer need to receive cross-cultural training. [29] | false
The motivation for American firms to expand their involvement in world trade is increased profits. [29] | true
Businesses increase profits in their foreign operations by achieving increased productivity of lower-quality products at lower costs. [29] | false
Cross-cultural communication refers to the transmission of information between businesspeople of two different cultures. [29] | true
The cultural diversity in nonverbal communication can be shown by an examination of worldwide differences in the way people greet each other. [32] | true
Although there are many language differences throughout the world, nonverbal signals are basically the same. [32] | false
Cultural variations in verbal and nonverbal signals are superficial indications of deep-seated cultural differences that affect communication. [33] | true
The friendly, outgoing, competitive, informal American who primarily uses the indirect plan for communicating may not be received well in Asian countries. [34] | false
Your goal for effective cross-cultural communication is to achieve normal business communication without cultural prejudice. [37] | true
Ethnocentrism is the inherent belief that one's own group and culture is ethical. [38] | false
Like Americans, Germans value individualism and the success of the individual. [47] | true
Asians tend to think in an explicit, linear manner, while Americans tend to think in an implicit, intuitive manner. [41] | false
Most international and cross-cultural communication is conducted in the English language. [42] | true
Eye contact while conversing is a sign of strength and honesty to Americans. [38] | true
Business dress in the urban areas of China is not similar to business dress in the United States. [46] | false
Mexicans commonly have more than one given name and two surnames. In business, address the person with the title such as Senor (Mr.) and the second surname. [49] | false
Diversity in the workplace is a reality that cannot be used to an organization's advantage. [51] | false
Sexual harassment is a form of discrimination predominately directed toward women. [51] | true
The key guideline in international business and cross-cultural communication is to learn all you can about the other culture and use that knowledge in your communication. [54] | true
The employment opportunities in international business require that you know a second language. [42] | false
Cultural variations exist | both among and within countries
Nonverbal signals include | all of the above
The most important cultural difference that should be considered in cross-cultural communication is the way people | think and feel
The guideline for successful cross-cultural communication that you "analyze your own culture" is important because | it helps in making comparisons with other cultures
Americans tend to | value highly an individual's freedom to achieve
Choosing topics for discussion with members of another culture is very important. Which topic would you select to discuss? | none of the above
Because of their culture, Chinese businesspeople generally tend to | be reserved and well mannered.
The culture that values diversity the most is the | canadian. 
Which management skills will ultimately will make or break an organization | human skills
Which is NOT considered a core dimension of diversity | weight
Communicators use technology to help them adapt to the fast-paced, global environment in which they work. [61] | true
Telemarketing is a trend that has created a global market for U.S. products and services. [62] | false
Cultural awareness and sensitivity are important in e-commerce communications. [62] | true
Trust is a key element in research conducted through electronic surveys. [62] | true
Listservs, electronic bulletin boards, and chatrooms are credible sources for research papers. [66] | false
Organizations create intranets because they don't want employees to be tempted or distracted by Internet features unrelated to their work. [67] | false
The principles of business communication need not be applied to Web site development. [68-69] | false
A viewer's opinion of your Web site can be affected by the quality of the links you include. [69]. When writing with a word processor, focus on content before mechanics. [71] | true
Photographs are among the images that can be incorporated into a document created using desktop publishing. [72] | true
Writers should use the "more is better" principle when selecting the number and variety of word processing emphasis techniques they use in their print and e-mail messages. [71] | true
To place emphasis on part of an e-mail message' a writer should display it in quotation marks (e.g., "No way"). [74] | false
Grammar and spelling errors need not be corrected in business messages sent via e-mail. [75]. 14.	E-mail should not be used to convey a message that will have a significant emotional impact on the receiver. [76] | false
The address book feature of e-mail programs allows users to screen their incoming messages. [77] | false
Fax transmissions may be initiated through stand-alone units or through computers. [78] | true
With technology, collaborative writing may occur as an interactive or an independent activity. [79]. | true
The principles of business communication should be applied to both outgoing and incoming voice mail messages. [79] | true
Although audio and video conferencing help to reduce travel costs, they have no impact on the quality of the decisions made during a meeting. [81] | false
Sound. video, and animation may be used for presentations created and delivered using presentation software. [82] | true
Which of the following factors is NOT among the reasons businesses have begun to monitor worker use of electronic resources | industrial espionage concerns
A web home page should | act as the table of contents for its site
Which of the following newsgroups requires a participant to subscribe | listserv
Which of the following items is NOT part of the domain of an e-mail address | the receiver's log-on name
The most common Internet application is | e-mail.
Which of the following is NOT true about voice recognition software | it is highly inaccurate.
When developing a web page | include a text-only option for pages with lots of graphics.
The best tool to use when you must send a drawing or diagram to a receiver is | feax.
Which of the following is NOT a feature of groupware? | voice mail
Which of the following would NOT be incorporated into a presentation created and given using presentation graphics software | video conferencing
The basic principle of business communication is to keep your message long and sophisticated | false
A thesaurus is a way of finding the simplest and most precise words for a message. [90] | true
In some situations negative words can be used for emphasis. [94] | true
Abstract words can be useful if a sender wants to de-emphasize an idea. [93] | true
Abstract words should be used for clarity and emphasis, while concrete words should be used to de-emphasize ideas | false
There is an important place in some business messages for weak words. | true
A strong word will be either a noun or a verb | true
There is a place for obsolete words in business communication when the situation calls for more formality | false
Sentence unity means that the sentence communicates one main thought. [97] T | true
A clear sentence uses words that are understandable, abstract, and weak. [97] F | false
Short sentences should average 15 to 20 words. [98] T | true
A sentence fragment can be as short as one word. [98] T | true
When using sentence structure for giving ideas emphasis, place the most Important ideas in the dependent clauses | false
Repeating words in sentences is a way of giving emphasis to the ideas represented by those words | true
The amount of emphasis given to an idea cannot be influenced by word choice. [100] F | false
Short paragraphs in a memo should average six to seven lines in length. [104] F | false
As a general rule, the first sentence in a paragraph in a business message should be a topic or a transitional sentence | true
The use of unbiased language is no longer a final and important consideration in the composition of business messages | false
For business messages the indirect plan of paragraph organization is preferred. | false
Which of the words below is likely to be the most understandable word for a middle-level receiver | hard
The words that will communicate best are usually those that are | . words slightly below your receiver's vocabulary level
Which of the following is the most general | early
Which sentence has the most forceful wording | . craig's grades were the subject of a memo written by andy.
Which of the following choices best emphasizes the price and the quality' | the low price is unbeatable. the quality is outstanding.
In which of the following sentences is the idea of the demotion de-emphasized the most? | your new responsibilities will fit your skills better.
The sentence structure that allows one idea to be emphasized and one idea to be de-emphasized is the | complex sentence
Which of the following sentences emphasizes managerial skills best? [103] | ms. harris--an excellent manager--will speak to the group on monday
Which of the following short paragraphs uses the direct approach and places the topic sentence first | the problems are difficult. two of the problems can possibly be solved. several, though, will be tough to solve
Which of the following statements has biased language | older people generally have lower energy levels.
The process for planning and composing a business message is very complex. [122] F | false
The first task in planning and composing a business message is to draft the message. | false
The message's main idea is the primary purpose. [124] T | true
The primary and secondary purposes for a specific business message will vary depending on the communication situation | true
Generally the indirect plan should be used for persuasion. [128] T | true
A disadvantage of oral messages is that they are transmitted slowly. [127] F | false
An advantage of written messages is that they can be reread and revised. [128] T | true 
Give the editing and revising tasks the highest priority for important or lengthy, complex messages | true
If you have multiple receivers' analyze the middle-level receivers in the group and develop your message for them | false
Editing and revising drafts will develop the clearest messages. [131] T | true
Errors do not detract from the clarity of the message since the reader just needs the main idea | false
Vocabulary level refers to the level of difficulty of the words and combinations of words in the message according to this book | true
Spell checkers and style checkers eliminate the need for proofreading. [133] F | false
While many businesses are trying to be ethical today, the trend is toward more unethical behavior | false
In our modern global economy managers are encountering new issues on operating ethically in foreign lands | true
The fair use doctrine requires that the copyright holder be contacted for permission to copy material | false
The requirements of many "plain English" laws can be met by applying the principles of business communication in the development of your messages | true
Few businesses realize the importance of a strong sense of individual and corporate values | false
Lying that causes another person monetary damage is fraud | true
Ignorance of the law and related information excuses violators. [147] F | false
Which of the following is the three-step process for planning and composing business messages' | determine purposes, analyze receiver for you-viewpoint, and compose message content
The best organizational plan and best type of message for giving negative information that you are rejecting a customer's written claim is a(n) | indirect, written message.
Proofreading procedures do NOT include the following steps. | proofread the copy by reading the document to yourself.
A message with an overly low vocabulary level will probably | not hold the attention of the receivers
An advantage of a written message is that it | accommodates lengthy and complex content.
The statement below that is the most ethical is | the reasons i must say no are . . .
The Four-Way Test of Things We Think, Say, or Do stresses | truth, fairness, goodwill, good interpersonal relationships, and benefits to all concerned
Plagiarism and paraphrasing can cause communicators serious legal and ethical problems. Avoid these problems by | giving credit to others when using their ideas or words
Avoid plagiarism and paraphrasing by | giving credit to others when using their ideas or words
The Age Discrimination in Employment Act | all of the above are correct.
Interpersonal skills are also known as people or soft skills. | true
. Placing a chair opposite a desk creates a welcoming atmosphere by permitting eye-to-eye conversations. | false
A genuine smile shows acceptance and builds trust | true
Fast-paced questioning shows your interest and stimulates discussion | false
Being aggressive during a conversational exchange demonstrates your enthusiasm for topic being discussed | false
The approaches used to resolve conflicts vary by culture | true
Your goals when facilitating conflict resolution are to identify who was at fault and to have him or her apologize | false
The closing to a conversation may be verbal, nonverbal, or both. | true
An empathetic listener offers advice only when encouraged to do so. | true
"Office politics" refers to workplace competition for tangible or intangible personal gains | true
Unless it threatens a group's ability to work as a team, conflict should be viewed as natural and healthy | true
Once damaged, a relationship cannot be repaired | false
A virtual team is an ongoing team | false
Developing camaraderie with coworkers is one benefit of membership on a work team | true
"Free riding" refers to a meeting leader's failure to distribute an agenda prior to a meeting | false
A person's status within the organization should be considered when a team evaluates the contributor's ideas | false
The social dimension of a meeting should be fostered by holding regularly scheduled meetings even when there is no business to be transacted | false
One benefit of keeping teams to ten or fewer members is that contributions are likely to be more balanced | true
The greeting stage of a conversation | provides information about your relationship with the receiver
Paraphrasing | helps a listener clarify and retain what he/she has heard.
Creating and holding a mental image of the person with whom you are conversing by telephone will | help you keep the conversation focused on the other person
When you have a telephone conversation with someone whose first language is not English | repeat key words
When you find it necessary to criticize someone, you should | stress the benefits the receiver will gain by modifying his/her behavior
Limited eye contact may signal | dishonesty.
When someone with whom you are conversing introduces a topic you do not wish to discuss | make a noncommittal response such as "that's interesting."
The conflict resolution technique of compromise should be used when [171] | some areas of agreement exist.
An ongoing group with decision-making authority is best described as what type of team? | self-managed
Which of the following is NOT an effective technique for controlling a group member who speaks too much during a meeting | have the member summarize the ideas presented by another speaker.
The indirect plan should be used in transmitting all positive and neutral information messages | false
A positive or neutral message should emphasize receiver benefits. [193] T | true
The purpose of the message must be decided before the direct plan can be implemented. | true 
When the primary purpose of a message is to transmit negative information, the direct plan should be used in organizing the message | false
The explanation in messages using the direct plan should be wordy and subjective | false
The primary purpose of the close is to attempt to obtain additional business from the receiver | false
The sales appeal should appear before the explanation in positive and negative messages | false
Since the explanation of a positive message is factual, it should be written in an objective manner | true
A positive and considerate sales appeal is used in most claim letters. [205] F | false
An inquiry must be written so that the writer will obtain all the information necessary to make a decision about a product, service, or person | true
It is appropriate to identify specific damages in the opening paragraph of a claim letter. | true
The explanation in a positive or neutral message should begin by presenting the information that will be most beneficial to the receiver | false
Specific questions should be asked in an inquiry | true
Unsolicited positive and neutral messages are used only in an organization's external communication | false
A request usually asks for a response | true
Your complaint in a claim message receives greatest emphasis when the complaint is the first item in the message | true
To end on a positive note, never include an apology in the close of an adjustment grant | true
The announcement of an upcoming sale would be appropriate to include in the sales appeal section of an adjustment message | true
Unsolicited positive and neutral messages should use the direct plan, as do claims. [209] | true
A claim letter should contain a deadline by which corrective action should be taken. [205] | false
Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of the sales appeal in the direct plan'? [195] | use de-emphasis techniques.
Which of the following is NOT an example of a message using the direct plan'? | a letter to a customer that a toy has been recalled
The direct plan can be used for | claims.
Which of the following is NOT a correct statement about composing positive and neutral messages | the situation should be analyzed and the message composed before the primary and secondary purposes of the communication are determined
Which of the following is NOT characteristic of the opening in a direct plan | information should be provided for coherence.
Which statement would be the best close for an adjustment letter | your business is appreciated
Which of the following would be the best opening for an adjustment letter | your replacement telephone answering machine was shipped this morning
Which of the following is NOT a correct statement about adjustments | begin the letter by apologizing to the receiver
Which statement best describes a closing paragraph for positive and neutral messages | appreciation may be expressed for a customer's business
The claim letter differs from other positive and neutral messages using the direct plan because it may | contain negative information.
A goodwill message is sent to communicate your interest and concern | true
All goodwill messages--even condolence messages--should result in the receiver having a more positive opinion of you | true
Style in goodwill messages is not important in accomplishing the purpose of the communication since the message is always about good, positive news | false
Most businesses make it a common practice to send congratulatory messages to their employees and their customers | false
The last sentence in a letter of condolence should be a statement of sympathy. [221] F | false
Compared with other business letters, condolence messages are normally more brief. | true
Sending a commercially printed card is the most effective method of expressing sympathy | false
Messages of appreciation should be used only for favorable actions over a period of time. | false
A condolence letter should be written using the indirect approach. [221] F | false
A holiday greeting sent by a company may include the company name and its logo. [224] | true
A holiday greeting should not be sent to a company operating in a country other than the United States | false
A business-related accomplishment warrants a letter of congratulations, but a personal accomplishment does not | false
An invitation may be typed on company stationery or printed as a formal invitation, but it should not be handwritten | false
In an appreciation letter, the thought of the letter is more important than the length of the letter | true
Letters of appreciation should follow the indirect approach | false
Condolence messages that are handwritten will be the most appreciated | true
A commercially produced card should be used rarely for a goodwill message because it is impersonal | false
Welcome letters should not contain any coupons or sales offers | false
The expression of gratitude should be given in the first paragraph of an appreciation message | true
Which of the following statements is NOT true about a congratulatory message? | the message may close by referring to the writer's assistance to the receiver in his or her achievement
What type of goodwill message is most likely to use an RSVP | invitation
Which of the following items may be omitted from an invitation | signature
Which is the best closing sentence for a condolence letter? | our thoughts are with you as you move forward in this new phase of your life.
In a letter of condolence, the best place to express sympathy is | in the opening paragraph.
Which of the following is the best beginning sentence for a letter of congratulations to a friend who has been promoted | congratulations! you deserve this excellent promotion.
The most appropriate opening of a letter from a health club to a new member is | welcome.
The most appropriate opening for an invitation to a fund-raising event is to | extend the invitation.
Which of the following statements is true about letters of appreciation' | letters of appreciation may be sent for one-time favors.
Which of the following should be a consideration in determining the formality of a goodwill message | familiarity with the receiver
The logical explanation is presented before the negative information is given so that the impact of the negative information is reduced | false
The direct plan of presenting information is appropriate for negative information in some circumstances | true
Trying to maintain neutrality in the opening of a negative message is unethical. [234-235] | false
Negative information may be included in the same paragraph as the explanation. [237- | true
The refusal or negative news should be placed in a dependent clause to de-emphasize the negative information | true
The friendly close should not include anything that reminds the receiver of negative information given in the message. | true
The friendly close of a negative message should not contain an apology under most circumstances | true
In the logical explanation of a negative message, it is important to avoid negative words. | true
The logical explanation section of the indirect plan is an opportunity for the writer to express the situation from his or her viewpoint | false
The friendly close in a negative message should be depersonalized | false
It is best to place the constructive follow-up after the logical explanation and before the negative information section to help make the bad news more acceptable | false
Two requirements for a good opening buffer are (1) maintain neutrality and (2) introduce the explanation | true
The primary goal in presenting negative information is to be sure that the receiver clearly understands this part of your message. | true
It is appropriate to give alternative solutions in the constructive follow-up but not additional reasoning of the negative information | false
A credit refusal may be communicated to an individual who owns nothing of sufficient value to use as collateral | true
The best location to place the negative information in a message is immediately following the logical explanation | true
Which of the following is the best situation in which to use the direct plan for a negative message' | messages dealing with ethics
Which of the following messages should NOT be developed using the indirect plan? [194, 256] | claim message
The negative information section of a negative message should | relate to the explanation.
The opening buffer of the indirect plan [234] | maintains neutrality.
The recommended placement of the constructive follow-up in a negative message that uses the indirect plan is [238] | after the negative information.
The best way to implement the requirement that emphasis techniques be used in the logical explanation is to | deal with the more negative points deeper within the paragraph.
Which of the following openings would be best for a letter in which you are refusing an adjustment? | your recent purchase of a . . .
The unsolicited negative message is somewhat different than other negative messages because it is | sender initiated.
In a persuasive message, the receiver's attention must be captured in the opening sentence | true
Persuasive messages are used in both internal and external communication | true
The writer of a special claims letter should express strong displeasure about the circumstances that made the letter necessary | false
The opening paragraph of a persuasive message should be brief | true
To ensure the entire message is read or heard, you must maintain the receiver's interest after gaining his or her attention | true
The direct plan assists in convincing a receiver to take action | false
Giving the receiver a deadline by which to take the desired action makes you appear pushy | false
Making the receiver aware of the benefits of taking the action will hold his or her interest | true
A routine request should use the direct approach, but a complex request should use an indirect approach | false
The approval of a persuasive request is more likely when the request is written vaguely using the indirect plan. | false
The direct plan is perfect for the uniqueness of special claims | false
The first thing to do in a sales letter is to get the reader's attention | true
The originator of a sales message must know the product before composing a sales message for it | true
Most sales messages are written by middle managers because they have the best understanding of the product being sold | false
Special claims are messages used to collect overdue accounts | false
To maintain fairness, a company should use the same collection procedure for all of its overdue accounts | false
You may show anger in the warning stage of a collection message since other efforts have failed | false
The indirect plan should be used in writing persuasive messages in both the appeal and warning stages | false
In a letter that makes a persuasive request, the specific request should be | stated after details of the request are given.
Which of the following methods should NOT be used to capture attention in the opening paragraph of a persuasive message | use of conjunction
The most correct statement about the interest section of the indirect plan for persuasion is | show benefits to receiver.
Which of the following sentence beginnings would be best to use in a persuasive request | will you please . . . ?
What is one way that a sales message differs from other business letters' | sentence fragments may be used in a sales message.
Which of the following is NOT a persuasive message situation | invitation
Which of the following would be the best sentence to complete a sales message | please call our toll free number, 1-800-65-photo, now to place your order for the four photos
Which of the following sentences best starts a collection letter for a new customer who is 20 days behind in making a payment? | we've missed your payment this month
Which of the following statements about collection messages is INCORRECT | the writer of a collection message in the appeal stage should not mention a customer's reputation or credit rating.
The correct order of the three stages of collection messages is | reminder, appeal, warning.
Information gathered through business research IS used for managerial decision making. | true
The first step in conducting research is to gather information | false
Research Studies should explore as many factors as possible | false
The budget for a research study should be established after data gathering begins but before data analysis is completed | false
Timeliness is a factor to consider when evaluating both print and Internet-based secondary information Sources | true
Research can be valid without being reliable | true
Search directories are also known as spiders or crawlers | false
The standards for documenting information obtained from Web sources are less rigid than the standards for documenting print secondary sources | false
Response rates for telephone surveys are generally higher than response rates for mail surveys. | true
Data obtained through informal observations has limited value | true
Accomplishments should be described in progress reports: problems should be explained in periodic reports. | false
Formal reports use side headings: informal reports do not | false
A transmittal message is optional in a formal report | true
When preparing a "List of Illustrations,"a writer may ether list the visual aids in sequence or group them by type | true
The terms in a glossary are listed in the order in which they appear within the body of the report. | false
Report headings may be either informative or persuasive. [324] F | false
The guidelines and policies of an organization must be considered when deciding how to format a formal report | true
The mechanics used in presenting a report should be aimed at improving the readability of the report | false
You start planning a research study by [297] | stating the problem.
The final step in conducting research is [297] | writing the report.
The best way to survey individuals to assure that their responses will be in the greatest depth is by | face-to-face interview.
The time schedule for a research study should include all but which one of the following elements | boundaries
Which of the following is NOT a secondary data source | customer files
AltaVista, Ask Jeeves, and HotBot are examples of | search directories.
Which of the following is normally NOT included in the introduction of a formal report | procedures
Which of the following statements about the cover of a report is NOT true | it contains the completion date.
The informal report used to communicate with individuals outside an organization is a | letter.	
Which of the following headings is NOT grammatically parallel to the others | income generated from patents
A proposal is a persuasive message | true
Solicited proposals are more common in external than internal situations. [354] T | true
RFP stands for Recommendation for Proposal. [354] F | false
If a proposal is unsolicited, the proposal request should be noted in a reference to authorization. [358 | false
The purpose statement in a proposal describes the problem being solved or the need being met | false
Grant proposals may be written to request money or tangible goods. [353] T | true
The format used in preparing a proposal can affect both readability and general interest in the topic | true
The cover letter or memo on a proposal should provide coherence, review highlights, and encourage action | true
A proposal title should attract the reader's attention, be easy to remember, and not exceed six words | false
Increasing the bulk of the proposal by placing lengthy supporting material in the appendixes increases your chances for acceptance of a proposal. | false
Oral and written proposals should contain the same essential elements if they are to be successful. | true
A business plan is a proposal | true
Underestimating the cost of a project will make a business plan more attractive to potential investors | false
Meeting minutes should indicate whether a motion was seconded but need not note who seconded it | true
The minutes of a meeting should contain the discussion oil every nein of business | false
To seem more personal, policy statements should be written in the first person. | false
News releases should provide readers with in formation about Who, what, when, where, why, and how | false
The primary purpose of a performance appraisal is to determine a worker's eligibility for a salary increase | 
Which of the following is the most important section of a proposal' | description of the solution
The purpose section of a proposal should state the [359] | reason for and the nature of the proposal.
The legal structure of a business should be described in which section of a business plan | ownership/management/staffing
If a writer believes elements important to the success of his/her proposal are missing from an RFP, he/she should | integrate the information into the specified format.
The key elements of a proposal include | time schedule, benefits, purpose, personnel.
The content and style of meeting minutes will vary depending on all but which one of the following factors | who prepares them
A policy statement should be written | general for managers and specific for nonmanagerial employees.
The inverted pyramid format is used with | news releases.
Which of the following items should be excluded from a news release | conclusion
Which of the following statements is NOT true of performance appraisals | they may include humor if audience analysis dictates it will be well received.
An important purpose of a visual aid is to make the report attractive | false
Report writers using computer graphics software programs must indicate where each position is to be plotted on the graph | false
Graphs produced using spreadsheet programs are limited because they cannot be imported into a word processing program | false
It is better to place the visual aid on two pages than to place the entire aid on one page farther away from the copy | false
Consistency is the most important consideration in numbering illustrations. [395] T | true
When an effective visual aid is used in a written report, written text is not necessary. [394] | false
Organization charts should be used only when they show the entire organization. [396- | false
A source note may be placed under the title of the illustration or below the illustration. | false
Every visual aid should have a title | true
A legend should be shown on a multiple-line graph to identify the lines. [404] T | true
A positive-negative bar graph is the best illustration for showing trends in quantitative data over a period of time | false
Shading or color may be used in a single-line graph to add emphasis. [404] T | true
A stacked-bar graph is a good visual to show differences in values within variables. [402] | true
The vertical line on the grid of a line graph is called the Y-axis, and the horizontal line is called the X-axis | true
Up to ten areas can be compared in one multiple-bar graph. [402] F | false
Pictographs differ from bar graphs in that they use images of items or symbols instead of bars | true
To avoid distracting readers, maps used as graphic aids should not be multicolored. | false
A drawing can reduce the clutter and emphasize details in an idea or procedure. [408] T | true
A whiteboard can be used to develop a concept while a speaker is giving a presentation. | true
Which statement about identification of visual aids sources is correct? [395] | the source note is usually placed a double space below the illustration.
Which of the following statements about visual aids is correct? [394-395] | all illustrations must have titles.
Which graph is best in demonstrating differences in values within variables by dividing each bar into its parts | stacked-bar graph
Which of the following statements about flowcharts is correct? [397] | . they consist of boxes of various shapes connected by arrows.
The best visual aid to illustrate lines of authority among the various positions within a business is the | organization chart.
Clip art will NOT import into which software package? [410] | spreadsheets
The only graph that does NOT begin with zero at the bottom is the [402] | positive-negative bar graph.
Which of the following methods would be least likely to deceive the reader of a report | having pieces of a pie chart drawn to the same proportion	
The best visual aid to simplify complicated written instructions is a [397] | flowchart.
Which visual aid best illustrates how one specific income relates to the remaining incomes | pie chart
Elements of the listening process include hearing and interpreting. [430-431] T | true
Filtering eliminates unwanted stimuli in the listening process. [431] T | true
During recall, a message receiver assigns meaning to stimuli when stimuli are interpreted. | false
Cautious listening is when the listener tries to remember concepts and details. [432] T | true
A listener is scanning a message when he/she concentrates on details of specific interest rather than on general concepts | true
Evaluating a speaker's message before the entire message is heard will prevent frozen evaluations | false
Failure to give feedback to a speaker is a listening barrier | false
To avoid interrupting a speaker, a listener should distinguish between a midthought pause and the end of a comment | true
The listener is the person primarily responsible for minimizing physical distractions. [434] | false
It is important for obtaining success in the business world to take careful and detailed notes | false
Body language gives instant feedback to the speaker. [438-439] T | true
An individual may be unaware that he or she is transmitting a nonverbal message. [437] | true
A person who uses the technique called mirroring mimics the positive behavior of another person | false
A handshake communicates a message. [433] T | true
Gestures should not be used to change the meaning of oral messages. [438-439] F | false
A manager staying behind a desk when speaking to a customer will emphasize the importance of the manager and, therefore, improve the communication | false
A nonverbal message may be interpreted differently by individuals from different cultures | true
A speaker cannot communicate an oral message without using nonverbal communication | true
Being late for a meeting is a nonverbal signal that you are disorganized and also shows disrespect for others at the meeting | true
Which of the following is an element of listening? [431] | recalling
Which of the following listening modes would you use if you were interested in the details and not in the general concept of the message' | skimming
One shortcoming to the scanning mode of listening is [432] | your mind may wander.
The type of note taking that most enhances your listening effectiveness is [433-434] | keyword.
Which of the following is used when determining the purpose of a message? [432] | cautious listening
Which of the following is NOT an effective guideline for listening? [432-434] | take plenty of notes.
Which of the following is NOT an advantage of effective listening? [435] | saves time by having only major problems presented.
Which of the following is NOT a type of nonverbal communication? [433] | filtering
Which of the following is NOT correct about nonverbal communication? [437-441] | all managers view punctuality as being important.
Which of the following statements about body language is NOT correct? [438-439] | the interpretation of body language is universal.
The foundations and principles of business communication apply to oral communication. | true
In oral communication, what you say is more important than how you say it. [448] F | false
You can improve your enunciation by slowing the rate at which you speak. [452] T | true
Good posture helps enrich the quality of your voice and reflects self-confidence. [448] T | true
 An unnaturally high or low pitch could result in strained vocal cords. [449] T | true
Both speed and volume can be used to emphasize parts of your message. [450] T | true
The way in which you join sounds to say words is called pronunciation. [452] T | true
Although a lack of confidence on your part will cause you discomfort, it will not particularly bother your audience | false
Too much or too little self-confidence is primarily caused by self-centeredness. [453] T | true
Making eye contact with your receiver(s) is one way to project confidence. [453-454] T | true
You can exhibit friendliness by showing a genuine interest in the feedback your audience provides | true
Your personal appearance is all-important part of the total communication environment. | true
Regardless of your facial expressions, your words will convey your message. [455 ] F | false
To test a microphone, tap on it or ask "Can you hear me?" [464] F | false
For most business oral presentations, it is best to use the extemporaneous delivery technique | true
The process followed in preparing and delivering a speaker's introduction is different from that used to prepare and deliver an informative business presentation | false
Using the you-viewpoint can help a speaker reduce his or her nervousness | true
Quotations, humorous stories, and statistics arc appropriate choices for presentation openings and closings | true
A speaker may use both verbal and nonverbal signals to let the audience know the presentation is ending | true
Audiences cannot comprehend complex, detailed information presented only through oral communication | true
The volume level of your voice should be determined by your [450] | audience's need to hear.
The audience reaction to a speaker who shows too much confidence is [453] | negative.
The "troublesome t's" refer to [448] | the causes of muffled, mumbled speech sounds.
Pitch can be used to | show comparisons.
When speaking to a large audience, your rate of speaking should be determined by [450] | the complexity of the topic.
An inappropriate level of confidence is caused by [453] | self-centeredness.
The best organizational pattern for an oral presentation on the history of the soft drink industry is | time sequence.
When working with presentation software, [4671 | use blank screens when you need to pause.
When rehearsing your presentation, you should [463] | think through the entire process and visualize yourself delivering the speech
When introducing the people seated at a head table, an emcee should [469-470] | move from his/her far right to center, then far left to center.
Your most important business communication will be about your employment. [479] T | true
Solicited positions are positions that are available but are unlisted or unadvertised. [484] F | false
Because you are the product you are selling in your job campaign, you may want to consider going to the campus career center and taking an interest inventory test. [480] T | true
A valuable source of information about jobs will likely be your campus career center. [484] | true
Many career-related positions are solicited. [484] T | true
The best source for information about the availability of jobs will be your library. [484] F | false
Many career-related positions are unsolicited. [484] F | false
With the advent of the internet you no longer need to use your campus career center. | false
The primary purpose of preparing and sending a resume to an employer is to secure an interview | true
The general resume is more powerful than the targeted resume. [491] F | false
The chronological resume format presents information within sections by beginning with the most recent | true
Electronic resumes can be classified as either (1) the scannable resume or (2) the targeted resume | false
All resumes should include a personal information section so that the applicant can convey special qualifications to an employer. | false
It is preferable that resumes include complete information on references. [502] T | true
The education section should always follow the resume opening. [498] F | false
Accomplishments in education, experience, and other activities should always be stressed in a resume | true
Because all employers want to know what you look like before they invite you for an interview, it is recommended that you include a photograph with your resume | false
You should not list such items as age, gender, and marital status on your resume unless they relate directly to the job requirements | true
In a resume, you are encouraged to provide information on your personal interests, preferred leisure activities, health, and physical characteristics | false
Keywords are verbs that label you. | false
The least likely source of information and assistance for a job campaign is [484] | a school or college library.
Employers are most interested in [483] | your accomplishments on the job.
An applicant-tracking computer system in the human resource department [504] | scans a resume and places it in an electronic employment folder.
For each job you have held, the most important information to list for possible inclusion in a resume is | job accomplishments.
If a person has had several jobs and has been unemployed occasionally, the best resume format to use is | functional.
Usually you should include your college major and overall grade point averages in a resume if they are | b level or higher.
The most important persons to ask to be your references in a job search are [502] | current and former employers.
For new college graduates with limited experience, the preferred number of pages for a resume is | one.
The purpose of keywords is [504] | all of the above.
Include high school data in your resume [498] | if it is recent and shows considerable accomplishment.
Application letters are sales letters--with you as the product | true
An application letter functions as a cover letter in the transmittal of your resume | true
In the opening of an application letter, you should ask for the interview | false
In the middle section of an application letter, you should convince a potential employer that you fit the job requirements of the position you are seeking | true
Since the purpose of an application letter and resume is to obtain an interview. You should ask for it directly in your close | true
Although you may have a heavy schedule of activities, you should offer to be at the employer's office at his or her convenience | true
An application letter may be photocopied if you have a good copy machine | false
General application letters are more powerful than targeted application letters | false
The final decision on whether a job offer will be made is based on the application package | false
Traditional style interviews focus on how you did handle a particular situation, and behavioral style interviews focus on how you would handle a particular situation. | false
Before an interview is ever offered, you will have prepared yourself for it extensively through the earlier phases of your job campaign | true
The best answer to a question during an interview about what salary you expect is to say that you are open | false
As a job applicant, you should refrain from asking questions during an interview. | false
If you are asked an illegal question, you must always answer it completely | false
The Web is a good source for learning about a company | true
It is inappropriate to follow up an application letter when you have received a form acknowledgment indicating that they will get back to you | false
Preparing for an interview includes learning all you can about the company through the library, chamber of commerce, and the Web | true
You should always send an e-mail thank-you letter since it is faster. [529] F | false
You should use the direct plan in a resignation letter. [531] F | false
It is appropriate to express your appreciation to all of those who assisted you in your job campaign | true
The most important part of an application letter is [515] | the job-related summary of qualifications.
Which of the following is the best opening to gain favorable attention for an application letter) | please compare my qualifications with the job requirements for the management position you have open
Which of the following is the best way to describe your education in an application letter? | i earned a degree in computer information systems from
Which of the following is the best closing for an application letter? [515-516] | may i have an interview to discuss this opportunity with you?
Which of the following is the best content for an answer to the interview question, "What do you consider your strengths | relate your skills and knowledge to the job requirements.
What is the best answer to the interview question, "What salary do you expect to receive in this job?" | i would hope to start at (state specific amount).
Your preparation to interview begins | when you start a job campaign.
You should ask the interviewer questions about the organization relating to [523] | all of the above.
Which of the following is NOT an example of a follow-up letter? [528-529] | letter requesting information about the company
Follow-up employment communication in a successful job campaign is [529-530] | always necessary.
After you get a job, your ability to communicate has little or no impact on your career. | false 
Network communication follows the chain of command within an organization. | false
External audiences include customers, suppliers, and government agencies. | true
Complex job instructions should be presented in writing. | true
The sender has primary responsibility for achieving the four goals of business communication | true
Receivers may respond to messages with words, actions, or both. | true
Communication outside an organization is more important than communication inside an organization | false
The goal of establishing a favorable relationship between sender and receiver is appropriate for internal communication but not for external communication | false
When a receiver understands a message but does not respond favorably to it, the remaining goals of business communication cannot be achieved | false
Connotative words are more specific than denotative words | false
Business communication can be described as | establishing a common understanding within a business environment.
Formal communication in an organization | formal communication in an organization 
The sender analyzes the receiver's knowledge so that the sender can | compose the message at the proper level. 
The grapevine is an other name for | d.	serial communication.
The casual or informal way in which English is used is known as | colloquial language.
Cultural values affect individual loyalties but have little effect on how people view the world or on their interaction with others. | false
Historically, men and women have had different patterns of communication. | true
Some acceptable and common nonverbal signals in one culture may be unacceptable or vulgar in another culture | true
Cross defined age groups that represent different stages of life; all people and all cultures move through these same stages and interests as they mature | false
Germans, Scandinavians, and Americans are usually viewed as living and working in a high-context culture | false
In general, persons in a low-context culture take a long-term view of time. | true
Stereotyping is assuming that all individuals within a culture have the same behavior or characteristics | true
Cultural relativism compares the values and behaviors of different cultures, usually judging them against your own culture's values of right and wrong | true
Ethnocentrism is the inherent belief that one's own group and culture are inferior. | false
Sexual harassment means that a man subjects a woman to unwelcome behavior of a sexual nature | false
The core dimensions of diversity include age, gender, physical challenges, ethnicity, and religion | false
If a manager requests sexual favors of an employee under his supervision with implied or explicit promise of job advancement, the term for this type of sexual harassment is quid pro quo | true
Although English is the universal business language, many corporations produce websites in two or more languages | true
Respecting diversity means changing your own value system to be more consistent with those with whom you interact | false
Outsourcing uses outside workers to perform specialized tasks that can be effectively communicated electronically | true	
In a survey of 101 global executives, the cultural difference they considered most challenging was |   communication and language. 
Which of the following is NOT considered characteristic of a low-context culture? | d..   reliance on long-term relationships and underlying meanings
Among the following cultural attributes, the one(s) generally valued by the people in China are | valuing family and group authority. 
Most multinational business communication is conducted in |   english. 
German culture appreciates business communication that | makes rules explicit. 
In adapting to language differences in another country, which of the following behaviors are NOT good practices | regardless of your receiver's communication style preference and cultural values, express your main message content as you normally would
Which of the following is NOT a key strategy for effective global communication? |    spend a few minutes in small talk before leaving. 
Mexican culture places a high value on | family.
An example of being open to and accepting of other culture include | understanding that cultures differ in what they do and believe and respecting those differences. 
When working with an interpreter, | permit your interpreter to explain your remarks or to ask you questions if necessary. 
Persons who live and work in a country other than their own are referred to as a/an | expatriate
When working with a translator, you should | provide for back translation to check for errors
Ethical issues are defined by laws and societal standards. | false
Handheld electronic multimedia computer devices enable communication on the go, any time, and any place | true
Intranets use firewalls to protect computer systems from outside intruders. | true
Privacy laws prohibit conducting research surveys on the internet. | false
Groupware can make it possible for group members to access one another's schedules | true
A telecommuter works regularly from a location away from the company work site. | true
Videoconferencing is a viable alternative to face-to-face meetings. | true
Synchronous collaborative writing is interactive. | true
If you talk on the cell phone in public, you should talk loud enough that people around you can hear effortlessly | false
E-mail and cell phone records are confidential and when erased cannot be retrieved | false
Which one of the following statements is NOT true of paraphrasing? | does not need a citation added.
Which one of the following statements is NOT true or NOT required for a legal contract? | a contract must be written on a legal form.
Laws that require contracts be written so consumers can understand them are called | plain english laws.
The Federal Truth-in-Lending Act requires | full disclosure of all charges and effective annual interest rate.
The Labor Management Relations Act | guides communication between management and workers concerning union activity.
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA | protects the privacy of student information
The Americans with Disabilities Act | prohibits an employer from eliminating a qualified applicant who has a disability if he or she can perform essential job functions with reasonable accommodations
To be an ethical communicator, you should NOT do which of the following | measure the ethics of the communication by what is commonly accepted  and practiced by those with whom you work
What approximate percent of all Fortune 500 companies have codes of ethics? | 90%.
Which one of the following statements is NOT true based on what you read in this chapter | if your employer directs you to do something, you are not responsible for making an ethical decision even though it violates your own values and principles.
Which of the following attributes is NOT required for ethical messages? | full disclosure
Which of the following e-mail practices is illegal? | sending and receiving child pornography.	
Which of the following represents circumstances that help interpret fair use of copyrighted materials? | d.	all of the above.
Which of the following is NOT true of the use of copyrighted material? | if you do not see a copyright notice on the material, you know it is free of copyright.
Illegally using the Internet to gain unauthorized access to computer systems of others or deliberately attempting to destroy data or spread computer viruses is called | 
In selecting words for your message, the words that will communicate best are those slightly above the receiver's vocabulary level | false
The term bill of sale is an example of obsolete words. | false
Verbs are the strongest words in the English language. | true
Because of their strong effect on the receiver, you never want to use negative words in your messages. | false
In the U.S., businesspeople prefer concise, efficient, and clear messages. | true
A sentence that has unity communicates one main ideaone main thought | true
For sentence clarity, modifiers in a sentence should be separated from the word or words limited or described by the modifier. | false
A clear relationship between a pronoun and its antecedent means that there is no question about which word in the sentence is the antecedent | true
A short sentence is easier to understand and more effective than a long sentence. | true
A long sentence is one that is 15 words or longer | false
The basic principle of business communication is the KISS principle. | true
Technical words are sometimes referred to as jargon.E | true
A thesaurus is available only in book form. | false
Active voice means the sentence is formed in a way to have the subject acted upon. | false
Men are 27 percent stronger than womenEis an example of biased language | false
A sentence structured with the subject as the receiver of the action is written with | passive voice.
In most business letters, the shortest paragraphs are | the first and last paragraphs.
Two types of agreement that are important in sentence structure are between the | pronoun and its antecedent
What emphasis technique is used when you organize two ideas in a complex sentence, with one idea emphasized in an independent clause and  another de-emphasized in a dependent clause | d.	sentence structure
Strong verbs that express action and specific nouns that creat a visual mind image are sometimes called | strong or power words.
Emphasizing words by mechanical means | special formatting such as boldface, italics, underlines, and color.
In business letters and reports, short paragraphs average | 4 to 5 lines.
In business reports, long paragraphs have | d.	12 lines or more.
Unless there is an important reason to place it elsewhere in a business letter paragraph, the topic sentence should be | placed first in the paragraph.
Three ways to emphasize ideas are by | length, location, and sentence structure
The first step in creating a business message includes analyzing the receiver for the you-viewpoint | true
Written messages facilitate quick, thorough feedback from receiver to sender. | false
Some organizations use blogs on their intranets to keep employees aware of new projects and initiatives | true
The more graphics in a website, the more interesting it is to read and the shorter the load time | false
The address book feature of e-mail programs allows users to screen their incoming messages | false
To place emphasis on part of an e-mail message, a writer should display it in asterisks (e.g., *No way*). | true
Reading a message from bottom to top will help a writer locate content errors. | false
Organizations find the flexibility that instant messaging provides in accessing remotely located users in a timely and economical manner to be very valuable | true
Hyperlinks in a website should always be in dark blue | true
Writing the middle or end of a document before the beginning can help overcome writer's block | true
E-mail is said to resemble a memo because | c
Which of the following is NOT an advantage of written messages? | written messages allow an accurate response in a shorter time frame because there are no nonverbal cues to be interpreted
To achieve the goals and purposes of your message when a message is written for multiple receivers, the messages must be understandable to the receiver in the group with | the least, the lowest, and the most
Readability formulas | indicate the vocabulary level at which a message is written
Why are short subject lines desirable in e-mail? | a long subject line could be truncated by the receiver's e-mail system.
Oral messages are considered unsuitable for complex messages because | receivers have limited time to reflect on them.
Which of the following is an effective method for overcoming writer's block | divide the writing project into smaller, more manageable parts
Websites should be updated at least once a | quarter.
A message with an overly low vocabulary level will probably | not hold the attention of the receivers.
Which of the following best illustrates important e-mail text? | the report is due friday.
The letterhead is part of the inside address. | false
The number and location of letter parts are standard across letter formats. | false
Rather than rekey a message, a writer who forgets to include important content can place that information in a postscript | false
White is the most popular color for letterhead stationery | true
The only letter format that has a subject line as a standard part is the simplified format | true
Because the receiver can print the messages he or she receives, e-mail is an appropriate channel for sending documents that require a print record. | false
An e-mail may be sent to many receivers, but a memo should be sent to only one receiver | false
If  a writer chooses to use a salutation in e-mail, the formality of that salutation is based on the relationship between the sender and the receiver | true
The stationery selected for business letters is most often 500-pound bond. | false
The placement of the attention line on an envelope need not match its placement in the inside address of a letter. | true
The inside address of a letter is keyed | at the left margin.
Marge Bourdeau is writing a business letter to James Wayne and wants to use mixed punctuation. Which of the following pairs should she select? | dear mr. wayne:		sincerely,
Under what circumstances should a writer include his or her courtesy title as part of the keyed signature in a business letter | d.	when needed for clarity
If the person who signs the letter is not the same person who keys or writes the letter, the writer's reference initials should be | keyed on one line before the keyboarder's initials.
Which of the following statements about the company name in the signature block is correct? | it is not used when the message is keyed on letterhead stationery
The mailing address on an envelope should be | identical to the inside address of the letter.
The two standard letter parts omitted from the simplified letter format are the | complimentary close and salutation 
Which of the following is NOT an advantage of using high-quality stationery? | d.	purchase price.
The boxes into which variables are entered when using e-mail software are called | message composition templates.
Which of the following has a variation that allows paragraphs to be indented | d.	modified block
A positive or neutral message should emphasize receiver benefits | true
The explanation section of a message written using the direct plan should be complete and subjective | false
The opening paragraph of a claim message should state the remedy the writer desires | false
One of the reasons social business messages are effective in generating goodwill is that such messages are uncommon in business | true
Welcome letters to new customers should not contain discount coupons because customers will regard them as nothing more than a sales gimmick | true
The correct order for the parts of a direct plan message is | opening, explanation, sales appeal, and friendly close.
What should the writer of an adjustment approval message do with the friendly close | keep it short.	
Peter Wently encouraged his friend Silas to contact ABC Promotions to inquire about the cost of a specialty calendar to send clients at the end of the year. In the opening to his message, Silas should: | d.	say he needs information about a specialty calendar.
Which of the following items is typically omitted from an invitation | signature 
A request for a reply to an invitation is shown on the invitation as | d.	an rsvp.
Because it tends to weaken your message, avoid using all positive words in a negative message | false
The constructive follow-up section of the negative message may contain another solution to the receiver's problem | true
It is possible to send negative information to a receiver and at the same time win a friend for yourself or a customer for your organization | true
The indirect plan can be applied to most negative messages. | true
Use the opening buffer of a negative message to say what can be done. | false
The logical explanation section of a negative message contains a helpful alternative solution. | false
When using the indirect plan for negative messages, present the logical explanation after stating the negative news. | false
The organization of the indirect plan encourages the receiver's acceptance of the negative information | true
The friendly close of a negative letter should refer to the subject of the negative information in a positive manner. | false
When the message is of importance and the receiver will react negatively to the content of the message, use the direct plan | false
The overall strategy for most negative messages is the | indirect plan.
Which of the following best expresses the negative information in a request refusal letter | the facility scheduling calendar permits your use of the 10 a.m. saturday time period for your meeting
In the logical explanation section of the indirect plan, it is important to | show how the negative information benefits your receiver.
The primary objective of an adjustment refusal letter in a retail business situation is to | d.	retain the customer's business.
The negative information in a message should | be given quickly.	
In the friendly close of a negative message, it is best to | d.	be warm and optimistic.
In the constructive follow-up section of a negative message, you should | provide other solutions to the problem.
Which  of the following best expresses the reason for using the indirect plan for a negative message? | it enables your receiver to accept the negative information you must give them.
Of the following, which is the most effective phrasing for the negative information | rather than a refund, we will be glad to provide instruction on operation of the oven
The best opening for an adjustment refusal is | your letter requesting an adjustment has been received, and 
The direct plan assists in convincing a reader to take action | false
Recommendations should be written using the indirect plan. | true
Any method that gets the receiver's attention may be used when preparing persuasive messages. | false
The indirect plan should be used in writing persuasive messages in both the appeal and warning stages. | false
Details of a persuasive message should intensify the receiver's interest and create desire for action. | true
Testimonials are not an appropriate technique to attract the receiver's attention in a sales message | false
Persuasive messages are viewed as neither positive nor negative. | true
Emphasizing benefits to the receiver will help diminish negative reactions that the receiver may have to taking the desired action. | true
Supporting facts in a persuasive message must provide enough information for the receiver to make an informed decision. | true
How many elements are encompassed in the indirect plan? | four
Which of the following would require a persuasive message? | a proposal asking management to launch a wellness program and exercise facility at your place of work
Which of the following is a guide to be used in constructing the action section of persuasive messages? | be positive and make taking action easy
Which of the following methods of getting the receiver to take action would NOT be taken seriously by a receiver of a persuasive message? | a testimonial claiming you could earn in excess of $50,000 a month with no investment
Which of the following is a guide to be used when constructing the desire section of persuasive message? | provide proof of benefits.
The first task in the planning step is to define the scope of the study | false
The formal report is used less in business than is the informal report. | true
Asking for advice when conducting a business study shows that the writer has weak research skills. | false
The Gantt chart is an effective way to show the budget for a business study | false
When preparing to write a business report, writers should analyze only the primary receivers of the report | false
Focus groups are used to obtain qualitative feedback. | true
When preparing a List of Illustrations,Ea writer may either list the visual aids in sequence or group them by type | true
The mechanics used in presenting a report should be aimed at improving the readability of the report | true
The terms in a glossary are listed in the order in which they appear within the body of the report | false
Secondary sources of information include individuals, company files, and observations | false
The informal report used to communicate with individuals outside an organization is a | letter.
The final step in conducting research is | d.	writing the report.
The time schedule for a research study should include all but which one of the following elements | boundaries
The best way to survey individuals to assure that their responses will be in the greatest depth is by | face-to-face interview.
Which of the following normally is NOT included in the introduction of a formal report | procedures
Which of the following statements about business studies is LEAST true? | they are a common business activity.
When a contemporary-style footnote is used, where will readers find complete citation information for the source | in the bibliography
Which two parts may be combined in some reports? | conclusions and recommendations
Which of the following headings is NOT grammatically parallel to the others? | buying power has increased
Which of the following statements about the cover of a report is NOT true? | it contains the completion date.
A proposal identifies a problem and proposes a solution | true
Proposal summaries may range in length from a paragraph to many pages. | true
A good way to present the description of the solution section in a proposal is to relate the content to each of the benefits listed earlier in the proposal | true
Proposal titles should begin with the words "A Study of" or "An Examination of." | false
If a proposal is unsolicited, the proposal request should be noted in a reference to authorization | false
Every proposal will have an evaluation plan | false
When responding to an RFP, be sure to provide all information requested, even if you do not feel that something is helpful to your proposal. | true
Realistic assumptions are appropriate in a business plan. | true
The Small Business Administration (SBA) is one source of free or low-cost advice about how to write a business plan. | true
In performance appraisals, praise should be specific and criticism should be general. | false
From a writer's viewpoint, proposals are | opportunities
A proposal written in response to an RFP issued by a government agency is best described as what type of proposal | d.	solicited
When preparing the cover for an unsolicited proposal to a foundation, a writer should consider | culture and image of the foundation
The most important proposal element in the following list is the | description of the proposed solution.
The best approach for writing a long, complex proposal is | a team of writers with an individual writer providing coherence.
Which of the following is NOT true of business plans? | the plan is a short, simple document
In which section of a business plan should the writer describe the pricing strategy for the proposed business | d.	product/service/market identification
Which of the following items should be excluded from a news release | conclusion 
Which of the following shows that a news release is continued on a second | -30-
A visual aid is any illustration used to aid the reader in understanding the text material and to reduce the volume of written text. | true
Flowcharts illustrate steps within a procedure. | true
Color photographs are expensive, so you should include as much material in each one as possible. | false
The width of one bar in a bar graph may be changed to illustrate a change in quantity | false
Flip charts are economical and easy-to-use presentation aids. | true
Broken or dotted lines on an organization mean that these positions are temporary within the organization | false
A pie chart illustrates the relationship of the parts to one another. | true
Increments on a graph may vary to best illustrate the concept being discussed | false
Organization charts illustrate and simplify steps in a complicated procedure. | false
Place a visual aid in a report on one page even if this placement separates it from the related text | true
Which of the following statements about resource notes is correct? | the word source or note is followed by a colon.
The best graphic aid to illustrate changes over time is the | line graph.
A positive-negative bar graph | shows plus or minus deviations from a fixed reference point
 In a formal business report, a colorful visual aid should | be placed following the reference to the visual aid
The most appropriate labeling of the fourth figure in Chapter 3 of a written report is | figure 4 or figure 3.4.
Which of the following statements is NOT correct | d.	using the chart function of word makes construction of tables easy
To use words to show categories of information about ten different items, the best visual aid would be a/an | word table.
Which of the following statements is NOT true of organization charts? | an organization chart can depict only an entire organization
Which of the following statements is NOT true of simple bar graphs? | the width of bars may differ throughout the graph
Which of the following statements is NOT true? | e.	for trend data, leaving out some time periods has no effect on data conclusions from a graph
Greetings may be verbal or nonverbal. | true
After a telephone conversation has concluded, the receiver should hang up first to show he or she values the caller's time. | false
In business, the person who takes the first step to resolve a conflict is seen as the weaker person | false
Agendas should be distributed in advance of the meeting | true
Placing a chair opposite a desk creates a welcoming atmosphere by permitting eye-to-eye conversations | false
Developing camaraderie with coworkers is one benefit of membership on a work team. | true	
The primary feature of a web conference is screen sharing that allows conference participants to see whatever is on the presenter's screen. | true
Contributions in an electronic meeting are evaluated based on the author and merits of the contribution. | false
Which of the following have resulted in the increased emphasis on good interpersonal skills | ... specialization
Which of the following best describes the responsibilities of an effective small-group leader? | keep the meeting on schedule, facilitate group discussion, resolve group conflict, and summarize what has been accomplished in the meeting
Paraphrasing | helps a listener clarify and retain what he/she has heard
The purpose of a group will determine all BUT which of the following | whether records are maintained
GDSS is an initialism for | group decision support system.
The greeting to a conversation | provides information about the relationship between the participants.
Which of the following are signs that a conflict exists? | decline in productivity, emotional outbursts, absenteeism, and lowered morale
Which of the following is NOT a key for successful telephone conversations? | make detailed notes of everything that is said.
Which of the following are guidelines for communicating assertively? | ... use factual information, and speak in a firm voice.
Skimming requires more mental energy than other modes of listening. | false
Concentrating on a message helps a listener look for hidden messages. | true
A hearing impairment is the only health concern that affects the listening process. | false
Gestures cannot be used to change the meaning of oral messages. | false
Filtering eliminates unwanted stimuli in the listening process. | true
Every listening situation is conducive to giving feedback to the speaker. | false
Parroting the words verbatim lets a speaker know you understand his or her message. | false
A face-to-face orientation indicates that the interest is focused on the other person. | true
A listener should evaluate a message after the speaker has completed the entire message | true
A speaker may volunteer more information if you give negative feedback. | false
Which of the following is an element of listening? | responding
Which of the following statements about listening is false | college students spend more less listening than writing
Which of the following is an accurate statement about communication | oral and written communication cannot exist without nonverbal communication.
Which of the listening modes would you use if you were interested in both the general concept and the details of the message | cautious listening
Which of the following is NOT a nonverbal cue | whispering to your colleague
Which of the following is a guideline for effective listening? | determine the message's purpose.
A speaker having too much confidence may be seen as a know-it-all.E | true
Standing behind a lectern with your hands on the edge of the table topEarea is a gesture that supports and strengthens an oral message | false
Good posture helps enrich the quality of your voice and reflects self-confidence. | true
Pay particular attention to facial expressions and gestures in a television interview; everything is magnified. | true
Using the you-viewpoint can help a speaker reduce his or her nervousness. | true
A speaker can relax his or her sound-producing organs by taking two or three deep breaths. | true
The foundations and principles of business communication are more important in written communication than in oral communication | false
A speaker introduction may be either extemporaneous or memorized. | true
Regardless of your facial expressions, your words will convey your message. | false
The moderator of a question-and-answer session facilitates the process but never asks a question. | 
Storytelling | can be used to communicate an organization's goals and values
The term troublesome t'sErefers to | the causes of muffled, mumbled speech sounds
The volume level of your voice should be determined by your | audience's need to hear.
Darren Henderson is a college sophomore majoring in finance.  He has been invited to return to his small, rural high school to give a presentation about the academic and social aspects of college life.  Which of the following organizational patterns would be best for Darren to use for this presentation | comparative
A good way to gain confidence when speaking to a group is to | keep the emphasis on the listeners and use the you-viewpoint.
If you exhibit too little confidence when you speak, your listener(s) will | feel discomfort.
When speaking to an established committee within his or her organization, a speaker should analyze the audience for knowledge, interest, attitude, emotional reaction and which of the following | interaction style
If a speaker must test a microphone before beginning a presentation, he or she should | ask those who cannot hear him or her well to raise their hand
An impromptu presentation | provides an opportunity to respond to audience feedback.
You have been asked to speak to members of the Longmont Business Club at Logmont Community College about the skills employers in your area are seeking in prospective employees.  Which organizational pattern would be most effective for this presentation | topical
Career centers often provide career decision-making and interest inventory tests that can help identify your strengths, weaknesses, and interests | true
If you have little paid work experience, include volunteer jobs and internships on your rsumE | true
You must learn the keywords that are used in the field for which you are applying so you have a better chance of scoring hits.E | true
You can use a one size fits allErsumEfor your job search | false
Your rsumEwill be a potential employer's first (and possibly last) impression of you. | true
One of the common services of your campus career center is the maintenance of credentials files for candidates | true
Keywords are generally verbs that label you; it is best to have approximately 20-25 keywords for a scannable rsumE | false
Military service is included under the Experience category on a rsumE | true
Solicited positions are those that are available but are unlisted or unadvertised. | false
Managers usually prefer the combination format for a rsumEbecause it showcases the applicant's strengths. | false
Employers are most interested in | your accomplishments on the job
The most important persons to ask to be your references in a job search are | current and former employers.
An applicant tracking computer system in the human resources department | d.	scans a rsumeand places it in an electronic folder
Two basic categories to keep in mind when listing information for the Experience worksheet are | d.	responsibilities and accomplishments.
The primary purpose of keywords is to | d.	to mark an electronic trail that improves your chances to be selected for an interview
Which of the following statements about the Experience section of the rsumEis most accurate | most decisions to interview or not to interview are based on the content in this section of the rsume
Include high school data on your rsumE | to account for all the time on a chronological rsume
The primary purpose of a rsumEis to | obtain a job interview
Which of the following characteristics is NOT covered by employment laws prohibiting hiring discrimination? | education
Which of the following part of an Education section in a rsumEis the most important | achievements
The body of the application letter has two goals:  to create interest in your qualifications and to ask for an interview | false
Rsums are generally not longer than 1 to 1 pages. | true
Use your rsumEand reference list as a resource when filling out an employment application | true
It is a good idea to put the specific salary you would like to receive in the Salary Desired field on the employment application | false
Interviewees can set themselves apart from other candidates by doing research on the company before the interview | true
Interview invitations are usually extended through a letter. | false
An application letter accomplishes the same four purposes as a good news letter:  gains attention, creates interest, creates desire, and requests action. | false
The Web is not a good source for learning about a company | false
It is inappropriate to follow up an application letter when you have received a form acknowledgment indicating the employer will get back to you. | false
When resigning from a job, you should use the direct plan of communicating. | 
Plan to arrive __________ minutes before the interview. | fifteen (15)
Which of the following is NOT a type of screening interview? | online interview
A letter rejecting an employment offer that follows a telephone conversation should | d.	use the indirect plan. 
Which of the following is the best closing for an application letter? | may i have an interview to discuss this opportunity with you?
Which of the following is the best opening to gain favorable attention for an application letter | please compare my qualifications with the job requirements for the management position you have open
What would be the best response to an unacceptable interview question about your religion? | d.	smile and say, two topics i learned to keep out of a conversation are politics and religion.  my religion wont interfere with my job.e
Following up after an interview | should be done with a letter.
In the close of the application letter, the way to get an interview is to | ask directly for it.
If an interviewer pushes his or her chair back or stands up | recognize that the interview is ending.
Appropriate dress for a man to wear to an interview includes | a two-piece conservative suit in a solid color such as navy blue or gray and a long-sleeved white or subdued-colored shirt with a plain or conservative tie
After you get a job, your ability to communicate has little or no impact on your career. | true 
First impressions may result in frozen evaluations | true
Negative information may be included in the same paragraph as the explanation. | true
E-mail is said to resemble a memo because | it uses the same headings
In some situations negative words can be used for emphasis. | true
The direct approach is best when | your audience is likely to be receptive to your message
A positive or neutral message should emphasize receiver benefits. | true
Examples of communication challenges in a global environment are | all of the above
The boxes into which variables are entered when using e-mail software are called | message composition templates
One of the drawbacks of using e-mail is | its lack of privacy
Repeating the same idea in the opening and closing paragraphs of a direct plan message is redundant | true
Open, honest communication among group members is essential to effective teamwork | true
In selective listening, listeners | tune out until they hear something that gets their attention
The phrase "talking a mile a minute" is an example of a/an: | idiom
The unsolicited negative message is somewhat different than other negative messages because it is | sender initiated
Which of the following salutations works best in a letter to the attention of Pamela Ryan, a customer service representative at Erickson Plumbing Supply Company? | dear customer service representative
The words that will communicate best are usually those that are | words slightly below your receiver's vocabulary level
Listening should occur more often than speaking. | true
What should the writer of an adjustment approval message do with the friendly close | keep it short
The planning stage should take about | 50% of the time you have to produce the message
What are the motivational factors that should be considered when planning a persuasive message? | goals, values, needs
overlooking stylistic differences | allows you to focus on the speakers message
which of the following is not an example of nonverbal communication | an american leaving a telephone voice message
Using ones own values, beliefs, ideas, and expectations to assign meaning to sounds and words is called _________ in the listening process | decoding
Making frequent eye contact with the speaker | depends on culture to some extent
What do we need to do in this meeting to accomplish our goals. What issues will be of greatest importance to all the participants. What information must be available in order to discuss the issues. | effective agenda
give nonverbal cues to express reactions like agreement or skepticism | effective listeners
have a clear sense of purpose, reach decisions by consensus, think creatively | effective teams
follow parliamentary procedure, use a guide like Robert's Rules of Order, make sure everyone is clear on the system of rules that are being employed | effectively plan and maintain order in a large formal meeting
your behavior, personal appearance, smile, and handshake are all important aspects of business which is now widely regarded as an important business skill | etiquette
identify the one item that is not a method for improving your nonverbal communication | expect business professionals to share the same attitudes toward time
in australia, the thumbs up gesture indicates great job or all is okay | false
most companies now allow their employees to use mobile phones in meetings | false
nonverbal signals are always intentional | false
when a team member does not contribute his or her fair share to the group's activities, the team member is often called a | free rider
can lead teams to make decisions that are worse than the ones the team members might have made individually | groupthink
occurs when peer pressure causes team members to withhold contrary or unpopular opinions | groupthink
is an umbrella term for sytems that make it easy for geographically dispersed team members to access shared files anywhere, anytime | groupware
when team members have private motives that affect the group's interaction | hidden agendas affect teams
Teams tend to be ineffective when there is/are | hidden agendas, groupthink, high coordination costs
identify the item listed below that is not an advantage of having employees work in teams | increased groupthink amoung members
Which listeners interrupt whenever they dont understand? | ineffective listeners
The two main types of meetings are | informational and decision-making
All of the following are elements in the listening process except | interrupting
Effective listeners engage in all of the following except | interrupting when they disagree
which of the following is not a form of nonverbal communication | mnemonics
morning meetings are generally ____ afternoon meetings | more productive than
very ineffectively, remembering about half of what we hear | most of us listen
When selecting participants for a decision-making meeting, you should include | only those people whose presence is essential
is especailly important with larger groups, can help maintain order in a group, requires that everyone is clear about the expectations | pariliamentary procedure
The key to productive meetings is careful planning of | purpose, participants, facilities and agenda
one popular feature of shared workspaces is ______ which allows only one person at a time to chekc out a given file or document and prevents ending up with two versions of the same file | revision control
The best known guide to parliamentary procedure is | robert's rules of order
When it comes to using a mobile phone in the workplace | some executives have banned their use in meetings
are two or more people working together, share a common goal, are important in the worksplace | teams
unleashing greater creativity, generating energy among participants, helping employees solve complex problems | teams can increase performance levels
when three or more people are connected by phone simultaneously and are the simplest forms of virtual meetings | teleconferencing
which listener listens passively | the ineffective listener
a weak handshake reveals a great deal about one's professionalism | true
online brainstorming allows companies to generate ideas from people across the organization. | true
when conducting business over a meal, you should wait to bring out business papers until after the entree plates have been removed | true
Your tone and facial expressions shape the way others preceive you and your messages | true
lets participants see and hear each other, demonstrate products, and transmit other visual information | videoconferencing
members of a team work in different locations and interact electronically often through web based meeting systems | virtual
combine the best of instant messaging, shared workspaces, and videoconferencing with other tools, such as virtual whiteboards | web based meeting systems
Identify the statement that is not a valid claim concerning touching behavior | when in doubt, touch
is the hawaiian word for quick and refers to a website technology that allows team members to revise the content of a website as they get new ideas | wiki
When you do not need immediate feedback,which of these media is most effective? | oral
Tasha Gibbs, a clerk at Memories and More,  must notify Alec Preble that the crystal vase he special ordered as a gift for his grandmother on her 70th birthday arrived with a crack in the base. Tasha has ordered a replacement vase, but it won't be delivered before Alec leaves for Grandma Preble's party. What method should Tasha use to convey her message | telephone call
Grammar and spelling errors need not be corrected in business messages sent via e-mail. [75]. 14.	E-mail should not be used to convey a message that will have a significant emotional impact on the receiver. | false
The goal of outlining your content is to ensure that you | provide your audience with as many minor supporting points as you can think of
Which of the following are means of acquainting employees with organizational policies on the use of e-mail, Internet, and other company resources? | a (statement of the policy signed by employees), b(organizational website) and c (employee handbook)
When you want to give the audience an opportunity to edit message, which of these media is most effective? | electronic media
To emphasize the formality of a message,which of these media would be most effective? | an e-mail
Examples of communication challenges in a global environment are | all of above
Effective external communication has a greater impact on an organizations success than effective internal communication | false
LMN Clothing sent a letter to its credit card customers to give them advance notice of an upcoming sale. Harry Pasco received the letter, read it, and gave it to his neighbor; however,  Harry did not shop at LMN during the sale. Harrys action means that LMN has achieved the goal of favorable response | false
Employees help to establish and maintain organizational goodwill by communicating positively about the companys products, services, and personnel | true
An individuals status within an organization has no affect on the communication process. | false
Efforts to suppress an organizations open, honest, complete grapevine communication can lead to low employee morale. | true
Analyzing a receivers knowledge will assist a writer in deciding whether to use the direct or indirect plan when organizing a message | false
It was nearly  2 a.m. when Jaynell Washington arrived at her hotel; she was tired and hungry. When she asked the desk clerk how to get to the hotel coffee shop, she was told it was closed. Disappointed, she went to her room. About 15 minutes later, the desk clerk arrived at Jaynells room with a plate of cheese and fresh fruit. The clerk refused the tip Jaynell offered, and no food charge was added to her bill.  By doing more than was expected, the desk clerk helped achieve the business communication goal of | favorable relationship
A communicators status within an organization has the greatest influence in | vertical communication
Tasha Gibbs, a clerk at Memories and More,  must notify Alec Preble that the crystal vase he special ordered as a gift for his grandmother on her 70th birthday arrived with a crack in the base. Tasha has ordered a replacement vase, but it wont be delivered before Alec leaves for Grandma Prebles party. What method should Tasha use to convey her message | telephone call
A receivers concerns and needs are considered in which element of audience analysis? | interests
The phrase talking a mile a minute is an example of a/an | idiom
Ethnocentrism is the inherent belief that ones own cultural values and traditions are correct and superior to other cultures | true
Examples of communication challenges in a global environment are | words that have different meanings and connotations and different language patterns for parts of speech
Shared values and behavioral expectations of an organization; sometimes referred to as the way we do things around here. | corporate culture
A companys transfer of tasks and processes to a service provider for completion | outsourcing
A companys moving all or part of their business operation outside of the home country | offshoring
Inappropriate use of e-mail or the Internet at work not only affects productivity but also may create a legal issue or result in loss of the employees job | true
Plagiarism is using someone elses ideas or original works and not giving credit to the source | true
The words that communicate best are usually those that are | words slightly below your receivers vocabulary level
Which one of the following incorrect sentences lacks parallelism | leave your practice problems on the desk, your homework should be completed, and be ready for tomorrows test
Changing writing methods can help overcome writers block | true
Writers should use the more is better principle when selecting the number and variety of word processing emphasis techniques to use in print and e-mail messages | false
The cc feature of e-mail is used to ensure receivers e-mail addresses are not made public | false
The trend in business writing is to place the receivers name in an attention line rather than keying it as the first line of the inside address | false
In a personal business letter, the date is keyed directly below the writers return address. | true
When a message extends to two or more pages | key the receivers name, the page number, and the date starting one inch from the top edge of the paper
Threatening not to do business with the receivers organization in the future will increase the chances of having your claim approved | false
A claim adjustment should include an apology only when the writers analysis suggests the receiver expects it | true
Jack Murphy wants to invite the five people he supervises to a picnic at his home. Because the group is small and the event is informal, Jack could handwrite his invitation, photocopy it, and hand it to the receivers | true
When thanking an individual for doing something related to his or her job, sending a copy of the letter of appreciation to the individuals supervisor is intrusive and violates the principles of human resource management | false
The direct plan is used for positive and neutral business messages because | placing the main idea early in the message attracts the readers attention.	
George Karims current department store credit card statement includes a charge for merchandise he returned, so he is writing to ask that the charge be removed.  To give his claim credibility, George should | enclose a copy of the receipt he was given when he returned the merchandise
The key elements in a social business message are | sincerity and timeliness
Todd Pritchert is writing a letter to thank those who volunteered at this years Downtown Youth Center fundraising event. Which of the following represents the best opening paragraph for his message? | time is a precious commodity. by donating your time to this years dyc fundraiser, you demonstrated your commitment to the youth of pueblo. we and they are grateful for your efforts
Which of the following closings would be best in a letter to a friend and co-worker whose fiance died in an auto accident? | lets get together for dinner later this month and talk about the good times you, terry, and i shared. 
Party Palace has relocated and plans to hold an open house to showcase its new facility. Which of the following openings best reflects appropriate use of the direct plan for the invitation to this event? | please join us as we celebrate the opening of party palaces new store!
A persuasive message is a communication in which you try to change the opinion of the messages receiver | true
More is better when using numbers, facts, and testimonials as proof of benefits; it will increase the receivers interest in your message. | false
It is critical to maintain the receivers goodwill in a collection message in the warning stage | false
One danger of using gimmicks to get the receivers attention is they may be seen as misleading and cause the receiver to react to the message unfavorably. | true
Which of the following statements about collection messages is INCORRECT? | the writer of a collection message in the appeal stage should not mention a customers reputation or credit rating
Research studies conducted  by current employees using data obtained from the organizations files do not need to have a budget. | false 
The formality of a report is | based on the culture of the writers organization.
Amber Case is a sales representative for an office equipment company. Last week, Amber called on Billings Concrete and learned from the office manager, Bob Rydell, that the company was having problems with its aging photocopier. When Amber checked her e-mail Tuesday morning, she found an e-mail from Bob asking about the cost of a new copier with the same features as the companys current unit.  In response, Amber prepared a letter in which she described the features, benefits, and costs of two models. This situation is an example of | informal request, formal response.
Physical objects are sometimes passed around as part of a presentation. Which of the following statements is NOT true about their use? | use of a physical object has no effect on retention
Participating on a team can positively impact an individuals business knowledge and result in enhanced visibility in the organization as well better project management skills | true
Only those who play a role in reaching a groups goals should be invited to a meeting. | true
The attitudes, personal qualities, social graces, and habits that make someone a good employee and compatible coworker are referred to as soft skills. | true
A persons status within the organization should be considered when a team evaluates the contributors ideas. | false
The anonymity of virtual discussions or meetings can reduce an individuals fear of disapproval; as a result, participation increases. | true
A speakers physical appearance can affect his/her credibility with the audience. | true
Jaycee and Michele have a weekly meeting to discuss staffing in the four restaurants they own. Jaycee always starts the meeting by telling Michele a joke. Today, though, there was no joke--just a negative comment about the weather. Micheles awareness of the change in Jaycees behavior is called | benchmarking
Thorough preparation helps to build a speakers confidence | true
It is not necessary for a speaker to identify each main point in the body of the presentation; the audience will know by the tone and volume of the speakers voice. | false
The rsum is the primary tool in securing an interview | true
The summary of qualifications in a rsum should include keywords. | true
A targeted rsum  is less powerful than a general rsum . | false
If your high school record is fairly recent and shows considerable accomplishment, include it in your rsum ; otherwise, omit it. | true
The Education section should always follow the rsum  opening. | false
Keywords are generally verbs that describe you and are placed at the beginning or the end of the rsum . | false
You should prepare a separate reference list to accompany your rsum . | true
A functional rsum groups education and accomplishment under skills or functions that are pertinent to your career objective | false
The chronological rsum format presents information within each section by date, beginning with the most recent date. | true
Managers who regularly review rsums and make decisions on who will be invited for an interview generally prefer | a chronological rsum.
An applicant tracking computer system in the human resources department | scans a rsum and places it in an electronic folder.
For each job you have held, the most important information to list in a rsum is your | job accomplishments.
For new college graduates with limited experience, the preferred number of pages for a rsum is | one
The combination rsum would be best for which of the following individuals? | an individual who has just graduated and has limited experience other than internships and/or part-time work while in school
The best arrangements for a rsum for a college graduate who has extensive experience is | opening; experience; education; activities, honors, or special skills.
You can send a targeted rsum and a general application letter. | false
Since the purpose of an application letter and rsum is to obtain an interview, you should ask for it directly in your letter. | true
An interview is important because it can determine your careers future course. | true
Researching information about a specific company or career helps you create an effective application letter that focuses on the potential employers needs and explains your qualifications from the you-viewpoint. | true
A letter of application can be submitted to a potential employer instead of a rsum. | false
An application letter does not repeat the same information that is in your rsum. | true
Which of the following would NOT be a strong closing for an application letter? | i am enclosing my rsum for you to consider.  when can i expect to hear from you?
Which of the following is the best content for an answer to the interview question, What do you consider your strengths? | relate your skills and knowledge to the job requirements.
The negative information section of a negative message should | come immediately after the logical explanation
Which of the following methods should NOT be used to capture attention in the opening paragraph of a persuasive message | use of a hyperlink
Which of the following is NOT a secondary data source | accounts receivable records
The sender analyzes the receivers knowledge so that the sender can | compose the message at the proper level. 
Groupware can make it possible for group members to access one anothers schedules | true
In selecting words for your message, the words that will communicate best are those slightly above the receivers vocabulary level | false
Technical words are sometimes referred to as jargon. | true
Men are 27 percent stronger than women is an example of biased language | false
Writing the middle or end of a document before the beginning can help overcome writers block | true
Why are short subject lines desirable in e-mail? | a long subject line could be truncated by the receivers e-mail system.
Which of the following is an effective method for overcoming writers block | divide the writing project into smaller, more manageable parts
If the person who signs the letter is not the same person who keys or writes the letter, the writers reference initials should be | keyed on one line before the keyboarders initials.
The constructive follow-up section of the negative message may contain another solution to the receivers problem | true
The organization of the indirect plan encourages the receivers acceptance of the negative information | true
The primary objective of an adjustment refusal letter in a retail business situation is to | d.	retain the customers business.
To ensure the entire message is read or heard, you must maintain the receivers interest after gaining his or her attention | true
Any method that gets the receivers attention may be used when preparing persuasive messages. | false
Details of a persuasive message should intensify the receivers interest and create desire for action. | true
Testimonials are not an appropriate technique to attract the receivers attention in a sales message | false
When preparing a List of Illustrations, a writer may either list the visual aids in sequence or group them by type | true
From a writers viewpoint, proposals are | opportunities
After a telephone conversation has concluded, the receiver should hang up first to show he or she values the callers time. | false
Unless it threatens a groups ability to work as a team, conflict should be viewed as natural and healthy | true
The primary feature of a web conference is screen sharing that allows conference participants to see whatever is on the presenters screen. | true
Which of the following is a guideline for effective listening? | determine the messages purpose.
A speaker having too much confidence may be seen as a know-it-all. | true
Standing behind a lectern with your hands on the edge of the table top area is a gesture that supports and strengthens an oral message | false
Storytelling | can be used to communicate an organizations goals and values
The term troublesome ts refers to | the causes of muffled, mumbled speech sounds
The volume level of your voice should be determined by your | audiences need to hear.
If you have little paid work experience, include volunteer jobs and internships on your rsum | true
You must learn the keywords that are used in the field for which you are applying so you have a better chance of scoring hits. | true
You can use a one size fits all rsum for your job search | false
Your rsum will be a potential employers first (and possibly last) impression of you. | true
Keywords are generally verbs that label you; it is best to have approximately 20-25 keywords for a scannable rsum. | false
Military service is included under the Experience category on a rsum | true
Managers usually prefer the combination format for a rsum because it showcases the applicants strengths. | false
An applicant tracking computer system in the human resources department | d.	scans a rsum and places it in an electronic folder
Which of the following statements about the Experience section of the rsum is most accurate | most decisions to interview or not to interview are based on the content in this section of the rsum
Include high school data on your rsum | to account for all the time on a chronological rsum.
The primary purpose of a rsum is to | obtain a job interview
Which of the following part of an Education section in a rsum is the most important | achievements
Use your rsum and reference list as a resource when filling out an employment application | true
What would be the best response to an unacceptable interview question about your religion? | d.	smile and say, two topics i learned to keep out of a conversation are politics and religion.  my religion wont interfere with my job. 
Appropriate dress for a man to wear to an interview includes | a two-piece conservative suit in a solid color such as navy blue or gray and a long-sleeved white or subdued-colored shirt with a plain or conservative ti
To be successful, an organization needs effective internal and external communication | true
Achieving the fourth business communication goal--organizational goodwill--is a corporate, not an individual, responsibility | false
Once established, an organizations culture is static | false
Outsourcing means to move part or all of the business operation outside the home country | false
An understanding of cultures helps you to respond to people as individuals, while recognizing that cultural backgrounds and experiences influence behavior and communication | true
Learning about other cultures lets you categorize individuals and communicate in the same way with all persons from that culture | false
Transnationals travel frequently across national borders for short periods of time as part of their work | true
Cultural barriers that may prohibit effective multicultural communication include | discrimination and harrassment, language, cultural relativism, and ethnocentrism
A podcast is a collaborative website similar to a blog that allows editing, deleting, or modifying posted content | false
A GPS wireless unit gives detailed location directions for the user | true
Viral advertising is sending a harmful virus in an e-mail message that appears to be a product advertisement | false
An Internet is an organization-only computer network for internal communication | false
Current technology trends include portability via small, wireless computer devices for on-the-go communication; audience selectivity of topic, media, time, and place for sending and receiving messages; and convergence of audio, video, text, photo, music, Internet, and phone devices | true
Broadband Internet connections and high-definition video have had little effect on the quality of videoconferencing | false
Groupware is a type of software that enables synchronous collaborative writing and is usually available by a subscription or for a one-time use for a set fee | true
A photograph cannot be copyrighted because it is art and in the public domain | false
The Fair Credit Billing Act applies to credit cards and protects credit card users against false charges to their accounts by limiting unauthorized charges to $50 | true
What law protects the right of all creditworthy customers to have equal access to credit | equal credit opportunity act
New users of instant messaging quickly master the technology by using initialisms, replacement letters in words, and symbol replacements for vowels in words | false
Blogs have not advanced to the level where they are used as customer communication tools | false
Generally, the indirect plan should be used for neutral news messages | false
A transmitted instant message should be limited to a thought or two | true
Which of the following is NOT true of a message written using the indirect plan | this organizational plan is used for good news messages
Which of the following is a disadvantage of instant messaging | messages are maintained on servers controlled by the provider
May 3, 2009 and 3 May 2009 are acceptable formats for the date in a letter | true
If the body of a letter is very brief, the writer may double space the body | false
The return address in a personal business letter consists of a writers name, the writers mailing address, and the date | false
Business letters have notations; envelopes do not | false
The return address on the envelope used for a personal business letter should be keyed in all capital letters | false
Which of the following salutations works best in a letter to the attention of Pamela Ryan, a customer service representative at Erickson Plumbing Supply Company | dear customer service representative
A sales appeal is inappropriate in an unsolicited positive or neutral news message | false
The majority of messages written in business may be described as being positive or neutral news | true
Making the receiver feel guilty will increase the likelihood that a claim will be approved | false
To gain the goodwill of the receiver, a claim adjustment should end with an apology | false
A careful analysis of the product or service should be completed before composing the sales message | true
The indirect plan usually requires the use of more words than the direct plan | true
The direct plan is appropriate for the uniqueness of special claims | false
To maintain an honest reputation, you should mention your products weaknesses to the customer | false
What are the motivational factors that should be considered when planning a persuasive message | goals, values, and needs
The moderator of a focus group may deviate from the list of pre-planned discussion questions if the group members dont provide the desired responses | false
Quantitative data analysis is objective; qualitative data analysis is subjective | false
The introduction helps the reader understand the scope and sequence of the report | true
When designing a questionnaire | work from the factors being studied
The guidelines section of an RFP describes the parameters to be used in selecting the successful proposal | false
The most important section of a proposal is the | solution
A stacked-bar graph can show comparison of variable values that fall above or below a reference point | false
Drawings can be used to emphasize details and show components not visible when viewing the total object | true
Shading, cross-hatching, or color variations may be used in a bar graph or pie chart to distinguish among the different items represented | true
Tables may display words or numeric data for a variety of purposes | true
Which of the following statements is NOT true of visual aids in business reports? | place the number and title above a figure if you are using apa style
Which of the following graphs does not begin with zero at the bottom, extreme left | positive-negative bar graph
Never admit youve forgotten someones name; the conversation will help you remember who the person is | false
When a manager hears two employees talking in raised voices, the manager must facilitate a resolution to the conflict | false
Teams are the most popular work unit in organizations because of their flexibility and their productivity | true
Web conferencing is a synchronous conference over the Internet that connects participants in different locations who are sitting at computers | true
Which of the following would NOT be a safe topic at a social event before an American Marketing Association meeting | a local politician who was forced out of office for taking bribes
The success of the listening process is jeopardized if one of the elements is omitted | true
A person can speak at twice the rate that he or she can hear | false
Emphasis words are those words to which a receiver has a strong emotional reaction | false
Both verbal and nonverbal responses are used in the fifth element of the listening process, remembering | false
Content of the message, not  physical appearance, gives credibility to the speaker | false
Paraphrasing a speaker | makes him or her feel not only heard but also understood
Carl and Gayle have a weekly meeting to discuss staffing in the four restaurants they own. Bob always starts the meeting by telling Gayle a joke. Today, though, there was no joke--just a negative comment about the weather. Gayles awareness of the change in Carls behavior is called | benchmarking
Cues to meaning come from all BUT one of the following | arrangement of the room in which the message is delivered
Which of the following is NOT a result of effective listening | understanding
A monotone voice is one that has no variation in pitch, volume, and speed | true
Presence refers to what a speaker says and how it is said | false
If your presentation is well organized, telling your audience which points of your presentation are important insults their intelligence | false
Selecting one or two gestures and using them throughout a presentation can help a speaker overcome nervousness | false
Resonators form the sounds to make words that are heard | false
The rate at which you speak should be determined by the size of the audience and the size of the room | false
If you are introducing a speaker, the best source of information about a speaker is the speaker | true
Because radio and television interviews are limited to only a few minutes, the speaker needs to talk fast to say everything he or she wants the audience to know | false
Imagery is | a way of dealing with stage fright
The best way to convey friendliness is to | smile
An individual profile for your job analysis inventory includes height, weight, birthdate, marital status, number of children, and religious affiliation | false
The resume is the primary tool in securing an interview | true
An example of your job preference analysis is whether you are willing to relocate and, if so, to what geographic location | true
All communication with propsective employers should focus on how your skills and abilities can contribute in the position for which you are applying | true
Two types of electronic resumes are scannable and chronological | false
A targeted resume is less powerful than a general resume | false
The Summary of Qualifications section is optional on a resume, but some employers like to see a summary statement in the opening so they can match your qualifications to the position requirements | true
Employers are more interested in your previous job responsibilities than your job achievements | false
Potential employers consider references from your friends as the best type of references because they know you | false
Managers who regularly review resumes and make decisions on who will be invited for an interview generally prefer | a chronological resume
The combination resume would be best for which of the following individuals | an individual who has just graduated and has limited experience other than internships and/or part-time work while in school
Examples of action verbs that might be appropriate for a resume are | designed, wrote, and validated
The best arrangements for a resume for a college graduate who has extensive experience is | opening; experience; education; activities, honors, or special skills
The resume opening should include a | heading, job or career objective, and a summary of your qualifications
You can combine a targeted resume and a general application letter | false
The follow-up letter in which you express continuing interest in the position should use the indirect plan; the letter in which you withdraw your candidacy should use the direct plan | false
When an interviewer asks you to tell about yourself, he or she is asking for personal details about your family and your marital status | false
If you are responding to an open position that only has a post office box, research the business operations and job responsibilities applicable to the type of position described | true
The opening of the application letter is written in the indirect style if the position has been advertised | false
Application letters should not be folded because folds in the letter may cause the print to smudge | false
The most common screening interview is held face-to-face | false
The purpose of the portfolio is to prove or demonstrate your skills and accomplishments | true
A letter of appreciation should be sent within three to five days following the interview | false
The most important part of an application letter is the | summary of qualifications
Video interviews are a newer form of interviewing, and research shows that persons interviewed by videoconference appear to receive | slightly higher ratings than face-to-face
An application letter should be written following the guidelines for | persuasive messages
Which of the following terms best describes the grapevine as a communication pattern | Serial
Tasha Gibbs, a clerk at Memories and More,  must notify Alec Preble that the crystal vase he special ordered as a gift for his grandmother on her 70th birthday arrived with a crack in the base. Tasha has ordered a replacement vase, but it wont be delivered before Alec leaves for Grandma Preble's party. What method should Tasha use to convey her message | Telephone call
A receiver's concerns and needs are considered in which element of audience analysis? | Interests
Culture should be considered as part of which audience analysis element | Attitudes
Which of the following sentences best reflects the you-viewpoint | To get the service you need and the respect you deserve, bank with River City Bank
Which of the following is NOT a formal message | Two employees discussing job sharing while at the company holiday party
The phrase talking a mile a minuteEis an example of a/an | idiom
The primary business language, even in countries for which English is the second language, is | English
Cultural barriers that prohibit effective multicultural communication include | Discrimination and harrassment, language, cultural relativism, and ethnocentrism
Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of language variations? | Nonverbal signals are the same or similar in different countries; for example, a smile is a smile.
A national or racial group of people; groups of people with similar characteristics | Ethnicity
Shared values and behavioral expectations of an organization; sometimes referred to as the way we do things around here.E| Corporate culture
A company's transfer of tasks and processes to a service provider for completion | Outsourcing
A company's moving all or part of their business operation outside of the home country | Offshoring
An offensive work environment that interfers with job performance | Hostile environment
Persons who live and work outside their home country | Expatriates
Information exchange among people from different cultures | Multicultural communication
Information exchange with a world market | Global communication
Strictly categorizing individuals based on simplistic understanding of groups | Stereotyping
Race, ethinicity, gender, age, and physical disability that affects expectations, behavior, and values | Core cultural dimensions
If you dont see the copyright symbol or the word Copyright followed by the year, you can be certain the material is free of copyright | false
What law protects the right of employees to access information about themselves | Privacy Act
What law prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, or national origin when hiring, firing, compensating, or applying other employment conditions | Civil Rights Act
What law gives employees the right of access to information about themselves | Privacy Act
A bona fide occupational qualification means  | an essential function of the job
Federal law requires manufacturers and sellers to stand behind a purchase of a major product. A promise made willingly by the seller is called an | Express warranty
Fraud is not committed unless this condition is present | Misrepresentation with intent to deceive
A legally binding agreement between two or more parties | Contract
Mass mailing of an e-mail message that falsely uses identifying information that appears to be a reputable company and asks for verification of your personal information | Phishing
Requirement that contracts be written so consumers can understand them | Plain English laws
Making choices that displays character by doing what is right to achieve what is good | Ethics
Organizational guides for ethical behavior of employees | Code of conduct
A specialized dictionary is one that shows special symbols for word pronounciation.	 | false
Of the following sentences, which would be unbiased? | Mrs. Smith talked with the students about the difficulties experienced by single-parent families.
Which of the following sentences lacks agreement of subject and verb | Each year supervisors reminds their staff of Internet-use policies.
A sentence structure that allows one idea to be emphasized and one idea to be de-emphasized is the  | complex sentence
Which one of the following incorrect sentences lacks parallelism | Leave your practice problems on the desk, your homework should be completed, and be ready for tomorrow's test
Writers should use the more is betterEprinciple when selecting the number and variety of word processing emphasis techniques to use in print and e-mail messages | false
All computer programs are not compatible when it comes to attachments, and some e-mail programs dont support multiple attachments | true
The ccEfeature of e-mail is used to ensure receiversEe-mail addresses are not made public | false
Which of the following is the three-step process for developing business messages? | Plan, draft, finalize.
Which of the following is NOT part of the planning process? | Apply the principles of business communication.
Which of the following is NOT a step in the proofreading process | Read the material to a colleague bottom to top.
The revising process includes all but which one of the following? | Determining whether the message is mechanically correct
Which of the following is an appropriate situation in which to use e-mail? | Reminder of an upcoming deadline for budget submissions
Which of the following is the best subject line for an e-mail message? | Budget Request Due February 15
Which of the following statements about instant messaging is NOT true? | A professional tone with no slang is a hallmark of instant messaging.
The impression a message makes is based solely on its content | false
Which of the following items is not considered to be a standard letter part? | Enclosure notation
Which of the following date displays is correct for a business letter? | May 16, 2011
Which of the following statements about letterhead stationery is incorrect? | Only contact information should be included in a letterhead.
Ruthann Rodgers is writing a personal business letter to her bank. Which of the following represents the correct format for the heading of her letter | 1234 Avenue C - Denver, CO 75926-3882 - August 6, 2011
Which of the following salutations works best in a letter addressed to the attention of Barb Colby, the Marketing Manager at Jeckyl Manufacturing Company | Ladies and Gentlemen
Margo Clark keyed a letter written by Bill Ramkin and signed by DWayne Bullock. Which of the following sets of reference initials best represents this situation? | BR:mc
Because a request made via e-mail will be responded to via e-mail, the request writer doesnt have to include personal contact information | false
Which of the following message should NOT be written using the direct plan? | A memo announcing that the company day care center will be closed for five weeks during remodeling. 
Andrea Swank is responding to a complaint from a customer who claimed he received poor service at her store. Which of the following statements represents the best close for her message | Use the enclosed coupon on our next visit to Swanks, where customer satisfaction is our goal.
Todd Pritchert is writing a letter to thank those who volunteered at this year's Downtown Youth Center fundraising event. Which of the following represents the best opening paragraph for his message? | Time is a precious commodity. By donating your time to this year's DYC fundraiser, you demonstrated your commitment to the youth of Pueblo. We and they are grateful for your efforts
Which of the following closings would be best in a letter to a friend and co-worker whose fiance died in an auto accident? | Let's get together for dinner later this month and talk about the good times you, Terry, and I shared. 
Party Palace has relocated and plans to hold an open house to showcase it's new facility. Which of the following openings best reflects appropriate use of the direct plan for the invitation to this event? | Please join us as we celebrate the opening of Party Palace's new store!
What type of social business  message is most likely to use an RSVP? | Invitation
Which of the following should be considered when determining the formality of a goodwill message? | Familiarity with the receiver
What is one of the most important aspects of the indirect plan | The reasoning to justify the negative information is presented before the negative information
Which of the following statements is NOT an advantage of the indirect plan? | It emphasizes the negative information.
Which of the following negative messages is an example of one that should use the direct plan? | Response to a death or tragedy
The logical explanation of the indirect plan | includes both A and C..
If the opening buffer and logical explanation are effective, the receiver will  | respond favorably to the words you chose for the logical explanation .
Which of the following is NOT a proper way to communicate a credit refusal? | Form memo
Which of the following openings would be best for a letter in which you are refusing an adjustment? | Your recent purchase of a ...
More is betterEwhen using numbers, facts, and testimonials as proof of benefits; it will increase the receiver's interest in your message. | false
In a sales letter it is more likely that the receiver will develop interest in a product or service if general statements of the benefits, not specific statements, are used |F 
Which of the following is the proper sequence for a persuasive message using the indirect plan? | Attention, Interest, Desire, Action
Which of the following methods should NOT be used to capture attention in the opening paragraph of a persuasive message? | Use of a hyperlink
Which of the following comments best describes a collection message in the appeal stage? | It uses the indirect persuasive outline.
What is one way that a sales message differs from other business letters? | Sentence fragments may be used in a sales message
Which of the following is NOT a persuasive message | Invitation
Which of the following statements about collection messages is INCORRECT? | The writer of a collection message in the appeal stage should not mention a customer's reputation or credit rating
Which of the following is the best closing for a persuasive request? | Please e-mail me your response at rita.prosky@gmetric.com by April 24.
Which of the following is NOT a good opening for a persuasive request? | I would like you to apply for the financial analyst position that is open in our department
Which of the following situations requires a special claims message? | Your company recently purchased 15 laptop computers for executives who travel frequently.  After two weeks of use, four of the executives indicated that the batteries do not hold a charge for more than an hour.
Research studies conducted  by current employees using data obtained from the organization's files do not need to have a budget. |F 
It is unnecessary to include a source citation for paraphrased material. | false
Which of the following report types is also known as a status report? | Progress
What is a Gantt chart? | A time schedule
Buchan Molding manufactures plastic tubing used in various industries. Which of the following represents the best way for Buchan to gather customer satisfaction data about the service  received during the lengthy, complicated transactions common in its business?  | Conduct a telephone survey.
All but which of the following is a primary date source? | A website located through an Internet search
The solution to a research problem is presented in the report as a part of the | Recommendations.
Which of the following headings is NOT grammatically parallel to the others? | Income Generated from Patents
When designing a questionare, allow respondents the freedom to interpret questions to fit their situation | Work from the factors being studied
The organization that submits the proposal selected in response to an RFP will be awarded a contract for the project | false
Amber Case is a sales representative for an office equipment company. Last week, Amber called on Billings Concrete and learned from the office manager, Bob Rydell, that the company was having problems with its aging photocopier. When Amber checked her e-mail Tuesday morning, she found an e-mail from Bob asking about the cost of a new copier with the same features as the company's current unit.  In response, Amber prepared a letter in which she described the features, benefits, and costs of two models. This situation is an example of  | informal request, formal response.
The essential elements in a solicited external proposal are | specified in the RFP
Which section of an RFP outlines the parameters to be used in selecting the successful proposal? | Evaluation Criteria
When the format for an RFP to which you are responding doesnt call for information that you think is important, you should | integrate the information into sections that fit the format.	
Which proposal section sets the context for the reader, reviews the highlights of the proposal, and encourages action? | Cover letter or memo
Which of the following titles is best for an unsolicited proposal to an agency that funds community-based projects | The Green Thumb Project: Teaching Inner-City Youth about Gardening
The legal structure of a business should be described in which section of a business plan? | Ownership/management/staffing
Which of the following statements is NOT true of performance appraisals? | They may include humor if audience analysis dictates it will be well received.
Which of the following is correct for the use of source notes for visual aids? | The source note goes below the illustration; however, APA uses the italicized word Note followed by a period before the resource information.
In APA format, each table is numbered separately and referred to as a (an) | Table.
Which chart is best in demonstrating differences in values within variables by dividing each bar into its parts | Stacked-bar chart
Which of the following statements is NOT true of visual aids in business reports? | Placing the number and title above a figure follows APA style.
Physical objects are sometimes passed around as part of a presentation. Which of the following statements is NOT true about their use? | Use of a physical object does not reinforce the message.
Slides or transparencies work well with groups of different sizes. Which one of the following statements is NOT true about their use for presentations. | Type should be in uppercase letters to be easily read
Which of the following is NOT true of titles of illustrations for business reports? | For APA and traditional styles, titles are placed under a figure
Which two of the following charts does not begin with zero at the bottom, extreme left? | Positive-negative bar charts
Which visual aid is best to illustrate how the parts of a whole are distributed? | Pie chart
The attitudes, personal qualities, social graces, and habits that make someone a good employee and compatible coworker are referred to as soft skills.E| T
You are trying to persuade colleagues in a branch office in another state that changes in Crater Mountain Hospital design are necessary before it goes out for bids.  You want to present the changes and the benefit to your company and the client of making these proposed changes.  Which of the following would be the most effective communication method for you to deliver your message | Video conference
Which of the following web-assisted technologies allows you to store a presentation and watch it  at a later time | Web caching
Jordan Ragsdale has been the chair of a committee within his firm for over a year. Michelle Wymer became a member of the group about a month ago. Since joining the committee, Michelle has made few if any comments, yet Jordan knows she has creative ideas to share because she has discussed them with him outside of the group's regular weekly meeting. Jordan wants to encourage Michelle to speak at meetings. What should he do? | During the meeting, ask Michelle direct questions related to her area of expertise.
Which of the following is NOT a speech barrier to listening | Unusual pronunciations
Which of the following is NOT a mode commonly used to listen to messages?   | Careful listening
Which of the following is NOT correct about nonverbal communication? | All managers view punctuality as being important.
Which of the following nonverbal behaviors is considered positive | Leaning toward the person with whom you are conversing
Which of the following is the best example of a mental distraction? | Thinking of a meeting at which you will be speaking in an hour
Which of the following is NOT a result of effective listening | Improved verbal skills
Effective communicators can evaluate nonverbal feedback from their audience while they are presenting their material. | true
Participants in a radio interview have to rely entirely on voice and words to convey the message to the audience | T	
When preparing a presentation, it is not necessary to include  | materials to use in the question-and-answer period
Which of the following is NOT a reason for mispronouncing a word? | The speaker talks too fast and doesnt take care to verify that he or she is saying the word correctly
Which of the following is a disadvantage of an impromptu presentation? | Increase use of verbal fillers
What organizational plan would be best for an oral presentation in which a person is being introduced to an audience | Direct or indirect
The rsumEis the primary tool in securing an interview | true
The summary of qualifications in a rsumEshould include keywords. | true
Targeted rsums may use the chronological, functional, or combination format; general rsums only use the chronological format. | false
A targeted rsumE is less powerful than a general rsumE.	 | false
If your high school record is fairly recent and shows considerable accomplishment, include it in your rsumE; otherwise, omit it. | true
The Education section should always follow the rsumE opening. | false
Keywords are generally verbs that describe you and are placed at the beginning or the end of the rsumE. | false
You should prepare a separate reference list to accompany your rsumE. | true
At job/career fairs you will have the opportunity to contact many prospective employers in one day. | true
A functional rsumEgroups education and accomplishment under skills or functions that are pertinent to your career objective | false
The chronological rsumEformat presents information within each section by date, beginning with the most recent date. | true
Managers who regularly review rsums and make decisions on who will be invited for an interview generally prefer | a chronological rsumE
An applicant tracking computer system in the human resources department | scans a rsumEand places it in an electronic folder.
For each job you have held, the most important information to list in a rsumEis your | job accomplishments.
For new college graduates with limited experience, the preferred number of pages for a rsumEis | one
The combination rsumEwould be best for which of the following individuals? | An individual who has just graduated and has limited experience other than internships and/or part-time work while in school
Which of the following is the best summary of qualifications statement? | Increased sales in territory 18 percent over a three-year period.
The best arrangements for a rsumEfor a college graduate who has extensive experience is  | opening; experience; education; activities, honors, or special skills.
You can send a targeted rsumEand a general application letter. | false
Since the purpose of an application letter and rsumEis to obtain an interview, you should ask for it directly in your letter. | true
A letter of application can be submitted to a potential employer instead of a rsumE | false
An application letter does not repeat the same information that is in your rsumE | true
Which of the following interview questions is a behavioral question? | Give me an example of a situation in which you were successful (or unsuccessful) in motivating someone.
How should you best respond to interview questions? | Be enthusiastic, honest, sincere, and state your accomplishments in a specific and positive manner.
The most important part of an application letter is the  | accomplishments that relate to the job requirements.
Which of the following would NOT be a strong closing for an application letter? | I am enclosing my rsumEfor you to consider.  When can I expect to hear from you?
Which one of the following is NOT an element upon which an employment application is evaluated? | The organization of the information entered on the application
Which of the following would NOT be appropriate for the opening of an application letter? | Describing your most outstanding accomplishments
Which of the following is the best content for an answer to the interview question, What do you consider your strengths?E| Relate your skills and knowledge to the job requirements.
In serial communication situations, senders should keep their message simple and repeat the message.  | false
The most important goal of business communication is  | receiver understanding
Which of the following is NOT an issue to be considered by a message sender who wishes to achieve the goal of receiver understanding? | Professional growth
Which of the following terms best describes the grapevine as a communication pattern | Informal
If a receiver has a hearing problem that causes a communication barrier in a given situation,the sender should  |  speak louder or put the message in writing.
Which of the following sentences is in the you-viewpoint | For the healthy foods your body needs, come to FoodCenter.
Choosing topics for discussion with members of another culture is very important. Which topic would you select to discuss? | None of the above
Because of their culture, Chinese businesspeople generally tend to  | be reserved and well mannered.
The culture that values diversity the most is the | Canadian. 
Which management skills will ultimately will make or break an organization | Human skills
Which is NOT considered a core dimension of diversity | Weight
Which of the following factors is NOT among the reasons businesses have begun to monitor worker use of electronic resources | Industrial espionage concerns
Which of the following newsgroups requires a participant to subscribe | Listserv
Which of the following items is NOT part of the domain of an e-mail address | The receiver's log-on name
Which of the following is NOT true about voice recognition software | It is highly inaccurate.
The best tool to use when you must send a drawing or diagram to a receiver is |  fax.
Which of the following is NOT a feature of groupware? | Voice mail
Which of the following would NOT be incorporated into a presentation created and given using presentation graphics software | Video conferencing
A thesaurus is a way of finding the simplest and most precise words for a message. [90]  | true
The two most valuable resources for the business communicator are a dictionary and a thesaurus.  | true
There is an important place in some business messages for weak words.  | true
For business messages the indirect plan of paragraph organization is preferred.  | false
The words that will communicate best are usually those that are  | . words slightly below your receiver's vocabulary level
Which of the following is the most general | Early
Which sentence has the most forceful wording | . Craig's grades were the subject of a memo written by Andy.
Which of the following choices best emphasizes the price and the quality' | The low price is unbeatable. The quality is outstanding.
In which of the following sentences is the idea of the demotion de-emphasized the most?  | Your new responsibilities will fit your skills better.
The sentence structure that allows one idea to be emphasized and one idea to be de-emphasized is the  | Complex sentence
Which of the following sentences emphasizes managerial skills best? [103] | Ms. Harris--an excellent manager--will speak to the group on Monday
Which of the following short paragraphs uses the direct approach and places the topic sentence first | The problems are difficult. Two of the problems can possibly be solved. Several, though, will be tough to solve
Which of the following statements has biased language | Older people generally have lower energy levels.
The first task in planning and composing a business message is to draft the message.  | false
An advantage of written messages is that they can be reread and revised. [128] T  | true
Which of the following is the three-step process for planning and composing business messages' | Determine purposes, analyze receiver for you-viewpoint, and compose message content
The best organizational plan and best type of message for giving negative information that you are rejecting a customer's written claim is a(n)  | indirect, written message.
Proofreading procedures do NOT include the following steps.  | Proofread the copy by reading the document to yourself.
A message with an overly low vocabulary level will probably  | not hold the attention of the receivers
An advantage of a written message is that it  | Accommodates lengthy and complex content.
The statement below that is the most ethical is  | The reasons I must say no are . . .
The Four-Way Test of Things We Think, Say, or Do stresses  | Truth, fairness, goodwill, good interpersonal relationships, and benefits to all concerned
Plagiarism and paraphrasing can cause communicators serious legal and ethical problems. Avoid these problems by  | Giving credit to others when using their ideas or words
Avoid plagiarism and paraphrasing by  | giving credit to others when using their ideas or words
The Age Discrimination in Employment Act  | All of the above are correct.
Interpersonal skills are also known as people or soft skills.  | true
The closing to a conversation may be verbal, nonverbal, or both.  | true
"Office politics" refers to workplace competition for tangible or intangible personal gains  | true
Writing teams face the same challenges as teams formed for other purposes.  | true
The greeting stage of a conversation  | provides information about your relationship with the receiver
When you have a telephone conversation with someone whose first language is not English | Repeat key words
When you find it necessary to criticize someone, you should  | stress the benefits the receiver will gain by modifying his/her behavior
Limited eye contact may signal  | dishonesty.
When someone with whom you are conversing introduces a topic you do not wish to discuss |  make a noncommittal response such as "That's interesting."
An ongoing group with decision-making authority is best described as what type of team?  | Self-managed
Which of the following is NOT an effective technique for controlling a group member who speaks too much during a meeting | Have the member summarize the ideas presented by another speaker.
The purpose of the message must be decided before the direct plan can be implemented.  | true
It is appropriate to identify specific damages in the opening paragraph of a claim letter.  | true
Specific questions should be asked in an inquiry |  t
Unsolicited positive and neutral messages should use the direct plan, as do claims. [209]  | true
A claim letter should contain a deadline by which corrective action should be taken. [205]  | false
Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of the sales appeal in the direct plan'? [195] | Use de-emphasis techniques.
Which of the following is NOT an example of a message using the direct plan'? | A letter to a customer that a toy has been recalled
The direct plan can be used for  | claims.
Which of the following is NOT a correct statement about composing positive and neutral messages | The situation should be analyzed and the message composed before the primary and secondary purposes of the communication are determined
Which of the following is NOT characteristic of the opening in a direct plan | Information should be provided for coherence.
Which statement would be the best close for an adjustment letter | Your business is appreciated
Which of the following would be the best opening for an adjustment letter | Your replacement telephone answering machine was shipped this morning
Which of the following is NOT a correct statement about adjustments | Begin the letter by apologizing to the receiver
Which statement best describes a closing paragraph for positive and neutral messages | Appreciation may be expressed for a customer's business
The claim letter differs from other positive and neutral messages using the direct plan because it may  | contain negative information.
Compared with other business letters, condolence messages are normally more brief.  | true
Messages of appreciation should be used only for favorable actions over a period of time.  | false
A holiday greeting sent by a company may include the company name and its logo. [224]  | true
Which of the following statements is NOT true about a congratulatory message? | The message may close by referring to the writer's assistance to the receiver in his or her achievement
What type of goodwill message is most likely to use an RSVP | Invitation
Which of the following items may be omitted from an invitation | Signature
Which is the best closing sentence for a condolence letter?  | Our thoughts are with you as you move forward in this new phase of your life.
In a letter of condolence, the best place to express sympathy is  | in the opening paragraph.
Which of the following is the best beginning sentence for a letter of congratulations to a friend who has been promoted | Congratulations! You deserve this excellent promotion.
The most appropriate opening of a letter from a health club to a new member is  | welcome.
Which of the following statements is true about letters of appreciation' | Letters of appreciation may be sent for one-time favors.
Which of the following should be a consideration in determining the formality of a goodwill message | Familiarity with the receiver
Trying to maintain neutrality in the opening of a negative message is unethical. [234-235]  | false
In the logical explanation of a negative message, it is important to avoid negative words.  | true
The primary goal in presenting negative information is to be sure that the receiver clearly understands this part of your message.  | true
Which of the following is the best situation in which to use the direct plan for a negative message' | Messages dealing with ethics
Which of the following messages should NOT be developed using the indirect plan? [194, 256] | Claim message
The negative information section of a negative message should  | relate to the explanation.
The best way to implement the requirement that emphasis techniques be used in the logical explanation is to  | deal with the more negative points deeper within the paragraph.
Which of the following openings would be best for a letter in which you are refusing an adjustment? | Your recent purchase of a . . .
The unsolicited negative message is somewhat different than other negative messages because it is  | sender initiated.
In a letter that makes a persuasive request, the specific request should be  | Stated after details of the request are given.
Which of the following methods should NOT be used to capture attention in the opening paragraph of a persuasive message | Use of conjunction
The most correct statement about the interest section of the indirect plan for persuasion is | Show benefits to receiver.
Which of the following sentence beginnings would be best to use in a persuasive request  | Will you please . . . ?
What is one way that a sales message differs from other business letters' | Sentence fragments may be used in a sales message.
Which of the following is NOT a persuasive message situation | Invitation
Which of the following would be the best sentence to complete a sales message | Please call our toll free number, 1-800-65-PHOTO, now to place your order for the four photos
Which of the following sentences best starts a collection letter for a new customer who is 20 days behind in making a payment? | We've missed your payment this month
Which of the following statements about collection messages is INCORRECT | The writer of a collection message in the appeal stage should not mention a customer's reputation or credit rating.
The correct order of the three stages of collection messages is | Reminder, Appeal, Warning.
Information gathered through business research IS used for managerial decision making.  | true
Response rates for telephone surveys are generally higher than response rates for mail surveys.  | true
The terms in a glossary are listed in the order in which they appear within the body of the report.  | false
The best way to survey individuals to assure that their responses will be in the greatest depth is by  | face-to-face interview.
The time schedule for a research study should include all but which one of the following elements | Boundaries
Which of the following is NOT a secondary data source | Customer files
Which of the following is normally NOT included in the introduction of a formal report | Procedures
Which of the following statements about the cover of a report is NOT true | It contains the completion date.
The informal report used to communicate with individuals outside an organization is a  | letter.	
Which of the following headings is NOT grammatically parallel to the others | Income Generated from Patents
Increasing the bulk of the proposal by placing lengthy supporting material in the appendixes increases your chances for acceptance of a proposal.  | false
Which of the following is the most important section of a proposal' | Description of the solution
The legal structure of a business should be described in which section of a business plan | Ownership/management/staffing
The key elements of a proposal include  | time schedule, benefits, purpose, personnel.
The content and style of meeting minutes will vary depending on all but which one of the following factors	 | Who prepares them
A policy statement should be written  | general for managers and specific for nonmanagerial employees.
The inverted pyramid format is used with  | news releases.
Which of the following items should be excluded from a news release | Conclusion
Which of the following statements is NOT true of performance appraisals | They may include humor if audience analysis dictates it will be well received.
Illustrations that relate indirectly to the text should not be placed in the body of the report.  | true
When an effective visual aid is used in a written report, written text is not necessary. [394]  | false
A source note may be placed under the title of the illustration or below the illustration.  | false
A stacked-bar graph is a good visual to show differences in values within variables. [402]  | true
To avoid distracting readers, maps used as graphic aids should not be multicolored.  | false
A whiteboard can be used to develop a concept while a speaker is giving a presentation.  | true
Which statement about identification of visual aids sources is correct? [395] | The source note is usually placed a double space below the illustration.
Which of the following statements about visual aids is correct? [394-395] | All illustrations must have titles.
Which graph is best in demonstrating differences in values within variables by dividing each bar into its parts | Stacked-bar graph
Which of the following statements about flowcharts is correct? [397] | . They consist of boxes of various shapes connected by arrows.
Clip art will NOT import into which software package? [410] | Spreadsheets
Which of the following methods would be least likely to deceive the reader of a report | Having pieces of a pie chart drawn to the same proportion	
Which visual aid best illustrates how one specific income relates to the remaining incomes | Pie chart
During recall, a message receiver assigns meaning to stimuli when stimuli are interpreted.  | false
The listener is the person primarily responsible for minimizing physical distractions. [434]  | false
Nonverbal cues provide information that can either add to or detract from a message.  | true
An individual may be unaware that he or she is transmitting a nonverbal message. [437]  | true
Which of the following is an element of listening? [431] | Recalling
Which of the following listening modes would you use if you were interested in the details and not in the general concept of the message' | Skimming
Which of the following is used when determining the purpose of a message? [432] | Cautious listening
Which of the following is NOT an effective guideline for listening? [432-434] | Take plenty of notes.
Which of the following is NOT an advantage of effective listening? [435] | Saves time by having only major problems presented.
Which of the following is NOT a type of nonverbal communication? [433] | Filtering
Which of the following is NOT correct about nonverbal communication? [437-441] | All managers view punctuality as being important.
Which of the following statements about body language is NOT correct? [438-439] | The interpretation of body language is universal.
The foundations and principles of business communication apply to oral communication.  | true
Your personal appearance is all-important part of the total communication environment.  | true
Pitch can be used to  | show comparisons.
The best organizational pattern for an oral presentation on the history of the soft drink industry is  | time sequence.
A valuable source of information about jobs will likely be your campus career center. [484]  | true
Many career-related positions are solicited. [484] T	 | true
With the advent of the internet you no longer need to use your campus career center.  | false
All resumes should include a personal information section so that the applicant can convey special qualifications to an employer.  | false
For each job you have held, the most important information to list for possible inclusion in a resume is  | job accomplishments.
If a person has had several jobs and has been unemployed occasionally, the best resume format to use is  | functional.
Usually you should include your college major and overall grade point averages in a resume if they are  | B level or higher.
For new college graduates with limited experience, the preferred number of pages for a resume is  | one.
As a job applicant, you should refrain from asking questions during an interview.  | false
The most important part of an application letter is [515] | The job-related summary of qualifications.
Which of the following is the best opening to gain favorable attention for an application letter) | Please compare my qualifications with the job requirements for the management position you have open
Which of the following is the best way to describe your education in an application letter?  | I earned a degree in computer information systems from
Which of the following is the best closing for an application letter? [515-516]	 | May I have an interview to discuss this opportunity with you?
Which of the following is the best content for an answer to the interview question, "What do you consider your strengths | Relate your skills and knowledge to the job requirements.
What is the best answer to the interview question, "What salary do you expect to receive in this job?"  | I would hope to start at (state specific amount).
Your preparation to interview begins  | when you start a job campaign.
Which of the following is NOT an example of a follow-up letter? [528-529] | Letter requesting information about the company
After you get a job, your ability to communicate has little or no impact on your career. | false
Network communication follows the chain of command within an organization.   | false
Complex job instructions should be presented in writing.  | true
Business communication can be described as | b.	establishing a common understanding within a business environment.
Formal communication in an organization| Formal communication in an organization 
The sender analyzes the receiver's knowledge so that the sender can | c.	compose the message at the proper level. 
The grapevine is an other name for  | d.	serial communication.
The casual or informal way in which English is used is known as | a.	colloquial language.
Outsourcing uses outside workers to perform specialized tasks that can be effectively communicated electronically | t	
In a survey of 101 global executives, the cultural difference they considered most challenging was | 	c.   communication and language. 
Which of the following is NOT considered characteristic of a low-context culture? |          d..   Reliance on long-term relationships and underlying meanings
Among the following cultural attributes, the one(s) generally valued by the people in China are |         a.   valuing family and group authority. 
Most multinational business communication is conducted in  |   b.   English. 
German culture appreciates business communication that  | makes rules explicit. 
In adapting to language differences in another country, which of the following behaviors are NOT good practices | Regardless of your receiver's communication style preference and cultural values, express your main message content as you normally would
Which of the following is NOT a key strategy for effective global communication? |    Spend a few minutes in small talk before leaving. 
Mexican culture places a high value on  | family.
An example of being open to and accepting of other culture include | a.	understanding that cultures differ in what they do and believe and respecting those differences. 
Which one of the following statements is NOT true of paraphrasing? | Does not need a citation added.
Which one of the following statements is NOT true or NOT required for a legal contract? | a.	A contract must be written on a legal form.
Laws that require contracts be written so consumers can understand them are called | plain English laws.
The Federal Truth-in-Lending Act requires | b.	full disclosure of all charges and effective annual interest rate.
To be an ethical communicator, you should NOT do which of the following | Measure the ethics of the communication by what is commonly accepted  and practiced by those with whom you work
Which one of the following statements is NOT true based on what you read in this chapter | If your employer directs you to do something, you are not responsible for making an ethical decision even though it violates your own values and principles.
Which of the following attributes is NOT required for ethical messages? | b.	Full disclosure
Which of the following e-mail practices is illegal? | b.	Sending and receiving child pornography.	
Which of the following represents circumstances that help interpret fair use of copyrighted materials? | d.	All of the above.
Which of the following is NOT true of the use of copyrighted material? | a.	If you do not see a copyright notice on the material, you know it is free of copyright.
A sentence that has unity communicates one main ideaone main thought | true
Technical words are sometimes referred to as jargon.E| t
Men are 27 percent stronger than womenEis an example of biased language | false
A sentence structured with the subject as the receiver of the action is written with | a.	passive voice.
In most business letters, the shortest paragraphs are | c.	the first and last paragraphs.
Two types of agreement that are important in sentence structure are between the | a.	pronoun and its antecedent
What emphasis technique is used when you organize two ideas in a complex sentence, with one idea emphasized in an independent clause and  another de-emphasized in a dependent clause | d.	Sentence structure
Emphasizing words by mechanical means | a.	special formatting such as boldface, italics, underlines, and color.
In business letters and reports, short paragraphs average | c.	4 to 5 lines.
Unless there is an important reason to place it elsewhere in a business letter paragraph, the topic sentence should be | b.	placed first in the paragraph.
Which of the following is NOT an advantage of written messages? | Written messages allow an accurate response in a shorter time frame because there are no nonverbal cues to be interpreted
Why are short subject lines desirable in e-mail? | A long subject line could be truncated by the receiver's e-mail system.
Which of the following is an effective method for overcoming writer's block | Divide the writing project into smaller, more manageable parts
Websites should be updated at least once a  | quarter.
Which of the following best illustrates important e-mail text? | THE REPORT IS DUE FRIDAY.
The inside address of a letter is keyed | c.	at the left margin.
Marge Bourdeau is writing a business letter to James Wayne and wants to use mixed punctuation. Which of the following pairs should she select? | Dear Mr. Wayne:		Sincerely,
Under what circumstances should a writer include his or her courtesy title as part of the keyed signature in a business letter | d.	When needed for clarity
If the person who signs the letter is not the same person who keys or writes the letter, the writer's reference initials should be | a.	keyed on one line before the keyboarder's initials.
Which of the following statements about the company name in the signature block is correct? | a.	It is not used when the message is keyed on letterhead stationery
The mailing address on an envelope should be | b.	identical to the inside address of the letter.
The two standard letter parts omitted from the simplified letter format are the | b.	Complimentary Close and Salutation 
Which of the following is NOT an advantage of using high-quality stationery? | d.	Purchase price.
The boxes into which variables are entered when using e-mail software are called | c.	message composition templates.
Which of the following has a variation that allows paragraphs to be indented | d.	Modified Block
What should the writer of an adjustment approval message do with the friendly close | Keep it short.	
Which of the following items is typically omitted from an invitation | b.	Signature 
A request for a reply to an invitation is shown on the invitation as | d.	an RSVP.
The overall strategy for most negative messages is the | c.	indirect plan.
Which of the following best expresses the negative information in a request refusal letter | c.	The facility scheduling calendar permits your use of the 10 a.m. Saturday time period for your meeting
In the logical explanation section of the indirect plan, it is important to | b.	show how the negative information benefits your receiver.
In the constructive follow-up section of a negative message, you should | a.	provide other solutions to the problem.
Which  of the following best expresses the reason for using the indirect plan for a negative message? | b.	It enables your receiver to accept the negative information you must give them.
Of the following, which is the most effective phrasing for the negative information | c.	Rather than a refund, we will be glad to provide instruction on operation of the oven
The best opening for an adjustment refusal is | Your letter requesting an adjustment has been received, and 
How many elements are encompassed in the indirect plan? | Four
Which of the following would require a persuasive message? | A proposal asking management to launch a wellness program and exercise facility at your place of work
Which of the following is a guide to be used in constructing the action section of persuasive messages? | Be positive and make taking action easy
Which of the following methods of getting the receiver to take action would NOT be taken seriously by a receiver of a persuasive message? | A testimonial claiming you could earn in excess of $50,000 a month with no investment
Which of the following is a guide to be used when constructing the desire section of persuasive message?  | Provide proof of benefits.
When preparing a List of Illustrations,Ea writer may either list the visual aids in sequence or group them by type | true
The informal report used to communicate with individuals outside an organization is a | a.	letter.
The time schedule for a research study should include all but which one of the following elements | a.	Boundaries
The best way to survey individuals to assure that their responses will be in the greatest depth is by | b.	face-to-face interview.
Which of the following normally is NOT included in the introduction of a formal report | a.	Procedures
Which of the following statements about business studies is LEAST true? | a.	They are a common business activity.
When a contemporary-style footnote is used, where will readers find complete citation information for the source | c.	In the bibliography
Which two parts may be combined in some reports? | b.	Conclusions and recommendations
Which of the following headings is NOT grammatically parallel to the others? | a.	Buying Power has Increased
Which of the following statements about the cover of a report is NOT true? | a.	It contains the completion date.
Proposal summaries may range in length from a paragraph to many pages.  | true
Realistic assumptions are appropriate in a business plan.  | true
From a writer's viewpoint, proposals are  | b.	opportunities
A proposal written in response to an RFP issued by a government agency is best described as what type of proposal | d.	Solicited
When preparing the cover for an unsolicited proposal to a foundation, a writer should consider | a.	culture and image of the foundation
The most important proposal element in the following list is the | a.	description of the proposed solution.
The best approach for writing a long, complex proposal is | b.	a team of writers with an individual writer providing coherence.
Which of the following is NOT true of business plans? | a.	The plan is a short, simple document
In which section of a business plan should the writer describe the pricing strategy for the proposed business | d.	Product/Service/Market Identification
Which of the following items should be excluded from a news release | a.	Conclusion 
Which of the following shows that a news release is continued on a second  | c.	-30-
Which of the following statements about resource notes is correct? | The word Source or Note is followed by a colon.
The best graphic aid to illustrate changes over time is the  | a.	line graph.
 In a formal business report, a colorful visual aid should | c.	be placed following the reference to the visual aid
The most appropriate labeling of the fourth figure in Chapter 3 of a written report is | Figure 4 or Figure 3.4.
Which of the following statements is NOT correct | d.	Using the chart function of Word makes construction of tables easy
To use words to show categories of information about ten different items, the best visual aid would be a/an | b.	word table.
Which of the following statements is NOT true of organization charts? | c.	An organization chart can depict only an entire organization
Which of the following statements is NOT true of simple bar graphs? | b.	The width of bars may differ throughout the graph
Which of the following statements is NOT true? | e.	For trend data, leaving out some time periods has no effect on data conclusions from a graph
Developing camaraderie with coworkers is one benefit of membership on a work team. | t	
Which of the following best describes the responsibilities of an effective small-group leader? | Keep the meeting on schedule, facilitate group discussion, resolve group conflict, and summarize what has been accomplished in the meeting
The purpose of a group will determine all BUT which of the following | Whether records are maintained
GDSS is an initialism for  | group decision support system.
Which of the following are signs that a conflict exists?  | Decline in productivity, emotional outbursts, absenteeism, and lowered morale
Which of the following is NOT a key for successful telephone conversations? | Make detailed notes of everything that is said.
Which of the following are guidelines for communicating assertively? |  ... use factual information, and speak in a firm voice.
Which of the following is an element of listening? | Responding
Which of the following statements about listening is false | College students spend more less listening than writing
Which of the following is an accurate statement about communication | Oral and written communication cannot exist without nonverbal communication.
Which of the listening modes would you use if you were interested in both the general concept and the details of the message | Cautious listening
Which of the following is NOT a nonverbal cue | Whispering to your colleague
Which of the following is a guideline for effective listening?  | b.	Determine the message's purpose.
A speaker having too much confidence may be seen as a know-it-all.E| t
Standing behind a lectern with your hands on the edge of the table topEarea is a gesture that supports and strengthens an oral message | false
Good posture helps enrich the quality of your voice and reflects self-confidence.   | true
Pay particular attention to facial expressions and gestures in a television interview; everything is magnified.  | true
Using the you-viewpoint can help a speaker reduce his or her nervousness.  | true
A speaker can relax his or her sound-producing organs by taking two or three deep breaths.  | true
Storytelling  | a.	can be used to communicate an organization's goals and values
The term troublesome t'sErefers to  | c.	the causes of muffled, mumbled speech sounds
The volume level of your voice should be determined by your  | a.	audience's need to hear.
Darren Henderson is a college sophomore majoring in finance.  He has been invited to return to his small, rural high school to give a presentation about the academic and social aspects of college life.  Which of the following organizational patterns would be best for Darren to use for this presentation | c.	Comparative
A good way to gain confidence when speaking to a group is to | b.	keep the emphasis on the listeners and use the you-viewpoint.
If you exhibit too little confidence when you speak, your listener(s) will | a.	feel discomfort.
When speaking to an established committee within his or her organization, a speaker should analyze the audience for knowledge, interest, attitude, emotional reaction and which of the following | Interaction style
You have been asked to speak to members of the Longmont Business Club at Logmont Community College about the skills employers in your area are seeking in prospective employees.  Which organizational pattern would be most effective for this presentation | Topical
If you have little paid work experience, include volunteer jobs and internships on your rsumE| t
You must learn the keywords that are used in the field for which you are applying so you have a better chance of scoring hits.E  | true
You can use a one size fits allErsumEfor your job search | false
Your rsumEwill be a potential employer's first (and possibly last) impression of you.  | true
Keywords are generally verbs that label you; it is best to have approximately 20-25 keywords for a scannable rsumE | false
Military service is included under the Experience category on a rsumE| t
Managers usually prefer the combination format for a rsumEbecause it showcases the applicant's strengths. | false
Employers are most interested in  | a.	your accomplishments on the job
The most important persons to ask to be your references in a job search are | b.	current and former employers.
An applicant tracking computer system in the human resources department  | d.	scans a rsumEand places it in an electronic folder
The primary purpose of keywords is to  | d.	to mark an electronic trail that improves your chances to be selected for an interview
Which of the following statements about the Experience section of the rsumEis most accurate | Most decisions to interview or not to interview are based on the content in this section of the rsumE
Include high school data on your rsumE| c.	to account for all the time on a chronological rsumE
The primary purpose of a rsumEis to	 | obtain a job interview
Which of the following characteristics is NOT covered by employment laws prohibiting hiring discrimination? | Education
Which of the following part of an Education section in a rsumEis the most important | Achievements
Rsums are generally not longer than 1 to 1 pages.  | true
Use your rsumEand reference list as a resource when filling out an employment application | true
Interview invitations are usually extended through a letter.  | false
Plan to arrive __________ minutes before the interview. | a.	fifteen (15)
Which of the following is NOT a type of screening interview? | c.	Online interview
A letter rejecting an employment offer that follows a telephone conversation should  | d.	use the indirect plan. 
Which of the following is the best closing for an application letter? | b.	May I have an interview to discuss this opportunity with you?
Which of the following is the best opening to gain favorable attention for an application letter | b.	Please compare my qualifications with the job requirements for the management position you have open
What would be the best response to an unacceptable interview question about your religion? | d.	Smile and say, Two topics I learned to keep out of a conversation are politics and religion.  My religion wont interfere with my job.E
Appropriate dress for a man to wear to an interview includes   | a two-piece conservative suit in a solid color such as navy blue or gray and a long-sleeved white or subdued-colored shirt with a plain or conservative tie
After you get a job, your ability to communicate has little or no impact on your career. | true
Strong verbs that express action and specific nouns that creat a visual mind image are sometimes called | 		a.   strong or power words.
Why are short subject lines desirable in e-mail? | 		a.	A long subject line could be truncated by the receiver's e-mail system.
Which of the following items is typically omitted from an invitation | Signature 
First impressions may result in frozen evaluations | True
Thorough preparation helps to build a speaker's confidence | True
Negative information may be included in the same paragraph as the explanation. | True
The title of a proposal should be brief and answer the questions Who? What? Where? When? Why? and How? | True
E-mail is said to resemble a memo because | It uses the same headings
Nonverbal cues provide information that can either add to or detract from a message.  | True
The introduction of a report helps the reader understand the scope and sequence of the report. | True
Jackie Parcel works for Hamilton State Bank in Joplin, Missouri. When Jackie communicates with Rick Spliker, a representative of the Federal Reserve Bank in St. Louis, she is engaging in internal communication. | False
An advantage of oral messages is that they can be transmitted quickly | True
One of the most important purposes of a visual aid in a business report is to make the report colorful and attractive | False
In some situations negative words can be used for emphasis. | True
The closing to a conversation may be verbal, nonverbal, or both. | True
A positive or neutral message should emphasize receiver benefits.  | True
Once damaged, a relationship cannot be repaired | False
Both speed and volume can be used to emphasize parts of your message. | True
Examples of communication challenges in a global environment are | All of the above
Organization charts should be used only when they show the entire organization. | False
Use emoticons in business e-mail to give personality to your messages | False
One of the drawbacks of using e-mail is | Its lack of privacy
Repeating the same idea in the opening and closing paragraphs of a direct plan message is redundant | True
Open, honest communication among group members is essential to effective teamwork | True
Relationships generally begin with cautious conversation | True
Although a lack of confidence on your part will cause you discomfort, it will not particularly bother your audience. | False
The unsolicited negative message is somewhat different than other negative messages because it is  | sender initiated
Which of the following salutations works best in a letter to the attention of Pamela Ryan, a customer service representative at Erickson Plumbing Supply Company?| Dear Customer Service Representative
The words that will communicate best are usually those that are  | words slightly below your receiver's vocabulary level
Listening should occur more often than speaking. | True
Citing receiver benefits in a message not only fosters a favorable relationship between the sender and the receiver but also demonstrates use of the you-viewpoint | True
The cover letter or memo that accompanies a proposal is also known as the Summary or the Overview. | False
What should the writer of an adjustment approval message do with the friendly close | Keep it short
Hearing and listening are different terms for the same physical process. | False
The best known guide to parliamentary procedure is | Robert's Rules of Order
Tasha Gibbs, a clerk at Memories and More,  must notify Alec Preble that the crystal vase he special ordered as a gift for his grandmother on her 70th birthday arrived with a crack in the base. Tasha has ordered a replacement vase, but it won't be delivered before Alec leaves for Grandma Preble's party. What method should Tasha use to convey her message | Telephone call
Grammar and spelling errors need not be corrected in business messages sent via e-mail. [75]. 14.	E-mail should not be used to convey a message that will have a significant emotional impact on the receiver.| False
Message purposes should be established within the framework of the four business communication goals. | True
When you want to give the audience an opportunity to edit message, which of these media is most effective? |  electronic media
E-mail is so popular because it affords a high degree of privacy | False
One way to emphasize an idea is to tell the receiver what is important | True
Long sentences are more effective than short sentences because you can cover more thoughts in one sentence | False
The two most valuable resources for the business communicator are a dictionary and a thesaurus. | True
Effective external communication has a greater impact on an organizations success than effective internal communication | false
LMN Clothing sent a letter to its credit card customers to give them advance notice of an upcoming sale. Harry Pasco received the letter, read it, and gave it to his neighbor; however,  Harry did not shop at LMN during the sale. Harrys action means that LMN has achieved the goal of favorable response | false
Employees help to establish and maintain organizational goodwill by communicating positively about the companys products, services, and personnel | true
An individuals status within an organization has no affect on the communication process. | false
Efforts to suppress an organizations open, honest, complete grapevine communication can lead to low employee morale. | true
Analyzing a receivers knowledge will assist a writer in deciding whether to use the direct or indirect plan when organizing a message | false
It was nearly  2 a.m. when Jaynell Washington arrived at her hotel; she was tired and hungry. When she asked the desk clerk how to get to the hotel coffee shop, she was told it was closed. Disappointed, she went to her room. About 15 minutes later, the desk clerk arrived at Jaynells room with a plate of cheese and fresh fruit. The clerk refused the tip Jaynell offered, and no food charge was added to her bill.  By doing more than was expected, the desk clerk helped achieve the business communication goal of | favorable relationship
A communicators status within an organization has the greatest influence in | vertical communication
Tasha Gibbs, a clerk at Memories and More,  must notify Alec Preble that the crystal vase he special ordered as a gift for his grandmother on her 70th birthday arrived with a crack in the base. Tasha has ordered a replacement vase, but it wont be delivered before Alec leaves for Grandma Prebles party. What method should Tasha use to convey her message | Telephone call
A receivers concerns and needs are considered in which element of audience analysis? | Interests
The phrase talking a mile a minute is an example of a/an | idiom
Ethnocentrism is the inherent belief that ones own cultural values and traditions are correct and superior to other cultures | true
Examples of communication challenges in a global environment are | Words that have different meanings and connotations and different language patterns for parts of speech
Shared values and behavioral expectations of an organization; sometimes referred to as the way we do things around here. | Corporate culture
A companys transfer of tasks and processes to a service provider for completion | Outsourcing
A companys moving all or part of their business operation outside of the home country | Offshoring
Inappropriate use of e-mail or the Internet at work not only affects productivity but also may create a legal issue or result in loss of the employees job | true
Plagiarism is using someone elses ideas or original works and not giving credit to the source | true
The words that communicate best are usually those that are | words slightly below your receivers vocabulary level
Which one of the following incorrect sentences lacks parallelism | Leave your practice problems on the desk, your homework should be completed, and be ready for tomorrows test
Changing writing methods can help overcome writers block | true
Writers should use the more is better principle when selecting the number and variety of word processing emphasis techniques to use in print and e-mail messages | false
The cc feature of e-mail is used to ensure receivers e-mail addresses are not made public | false
The trend in business writing is to place the receivers name in an attention line rather than keying it as the first line of the inside address | false
In a personal business letter, the date is keyed directly below the writers return address. | true
When a message extends to two or more pages | key the receivers name, the page number, and the date starting one inch from the top edge of the paper
Threatening not to do business with the receivers organization in the future will increase the chances of having your claim approved | false
A claim adjustment should include an apology only when the writers analysis suggests the receiver expects it | true
When thanking an individual for doing something related to his or her job, sending a copy of the letter of appreciation to the individuals supervisor is intrusive and violates the principles of human resource management | false
The direct plan is used for positive and neutral business messages because | placing the main idea early in the message attracts the readers attention.	
George Karims current department store credit card statement includes a charge for merchandise he returned, so he is writing to ask that the charge be removed.  To give his claim credibility, George should | enclose a copy of the receipt he was given when he returned the merchandise
Todd Pritchert is writing a letter to thank those who volunteered at this years Downtown Youth Center fundraising event. Which of the following represents the best opening paragraph for his message? | Time is a precious commodity. By donating your time to this years DYC fundraiser, you demonstrated your commitment to the youth of Pueblo. We and they are grateful for your efforts
Which of the following closings would be best in a letter to a friend and co-worker whose fiance died in an auto accident? | Lets get together for dinner later this month and talk about the good times you, Terry, and I shared. 
Party Palace has relocated and plans to hold an open house to showcase its new facility. Which of the following openings best reflects appropriate use of the direct plan for the invitation to this event? | Please join us as we celebrate the opening of Party Palaces new store!
A persuasive message is a communication in which you try to change the opinion of the messages receiver | true
More is better when using numbers, facts, and testimonials as proof of benefits; it will increase the receivers interest in your message. | false
It is critical to maintain the receivers goodwill in a collection message in the warning stage | false
One danger of using gimmicks to get the receivers attention is they may be seen as misleading and cause the receiver to react to the message unfavorably. | true
Which of the following statements about collection messages is INCORRECT? | The writer of a collection message in the appeal stage should not mention a customers reputation or credit rating
Research studies conducted  by current employees using data obtained from the organizations files do not need to have a budget. |F 
The formality of a report is | based on the culture of the writers organization.
Amber Case is a sales representative for an office equipment company. Last week, Amber called on Billings Concrete and learned from the office manager, Bob Rydell, that the company was having problems with its aging photocopier. When Amber checked her e-mail Tuesday morning, she found an e-mail from Bob asking about the cost of a new copier with the same features as the companys current unit.  In response, Amber prepared a letter in which she described the features, benefits, and costs of two models. This situation is an example of  | informal request, formal response.
Physical objects are sometimes passed around as part of a presentation. Which of the following statements is NOT true about their use? | Use of a physical object has no effect on retention
Participating on a team can positively impact an individuals business knowledge and result in enhanced visibility in the organization as well better project management skills | true
Only those who play a role in reaching a groups goals should be invited to a meeting. | true
The attitudes, personal qualities, social graces, and habits that make someone a good employee and compatible coworker are referred to as soft skills. | true
A persons status within the organization should be considered when a team evaluates the contributors ideas. | false
The anonymity of virtual discussions or meetings can reduce an individuals fear of disapproval; as a result, participation increases. | true
A speakers physical appearance can affect his/her credibility with the audience. | true
Jaycee and Michele have a weekly meeting to discuss staffing in the four restaurants they own. Jaycee always starts the meeting by telling Michele a joke. Today, though, there was no joke--just a negative comment about the weather. Micheles awareness of the change in Jaycees behavior is called | benchmarking
Thorough preparation helps to build a speakers confidence | true
It is not necessary for a speaker to identify each main point in the body of the presentation; the audience will know by the tone and volume of the speakers voice. | false
The rsum is the primary tool in securing an interview | true
The summary of qualifications in a rsum should include keywords. | true
A targeted rsum  is less powerful than a general rsum .	 | false
If your high school record is fairly recent and shows considerable accomplishment, include it in your rsum ; otherwise, omit it. | true
The Education section should always follow the rsum  opening. | false
Keywords are generally verbs that describe you and are placed at the beginning or the end of the rsum . | false
You should prepare a separate reference list to accompany your rsum . | true
A functional rsum groups education and accomplishment under skills or functions that are pertinent to your career objective | false
The chronological rsum format presents information within each section by date, beginning with the most recent date. | true
Managers who regularly review rsums and make decisions on who will be invited for an interview generally prefer | a chronological rsum.
An applicant tracking computer system in the human resources department | scans a rsum and places it in an electronic folder.
For each job you have held, the most important information to list in a rsum is your | job accomplishments.
For new college graduates with limited experience, the preferred number of pages for a rsum is | one
The combination rsum would be best for which of the following individuals? | An individual who has just graduated and has limited experience other than internships and/or part-time work while in school
The best arrangements for a rsum for a college graduate who has extensive experience is  | opening; experience; education; activities, honors, or special skills.
You can send a targeted rsum and a general application letter. | false
Since the purpose of an application letter and rsum is to obtain an interview, you should ask for it directly in your letter. | true
An interview is important because it can determine your careers future course. | true
Researching information about a specific company or career helps you create an effective application letter that focuses on the potential employers needs and explains your qualifications from the you-viewpoint. | true
A letter of application can be submitted to a potential employer instead of a rsum. | false
An application letter does not repeat the same information that is in your rsum. | true
Which of the following would NOT be a strong closing for an application letter? | I am enclosing my rsum for you to consider.  When can I expect to hear from you?
Which of the following is the best content for an answer to the interview question, What do you consider your strengths? | Relate your skills and knowledge to the job requirements.
The negative information section of a negative message should  | come immediately after the logical explanation
Which of the following methods should NOT be used to capture attention in the opening paragraph of a persuasive message | Use of a hyperlink
Which of the following is NOT a secondary data source | Accounts receivable records
The sender analyzes the receivers knowledge so that the sender can | c.	compose the message at the proper level. 
Groupware can make it possible for group members to access one anothers schedules | true
In selecting words for your message, the words that will communicate best are those slightly above the receivers vocabulary level | false
Technical words are sometimes referred to as jargon. | true
Men are 27 percent stronger than women is an example of biased language | false
Writing the middle or end of a document before the beginning can help overcome writers block | true
Why are short subject lines desirable in e-mail? | 		a.	A long subject line could be truncated by the receivers e-mail system.
Which of the following is an effective method for overcoming writers block | Divide the writing project into smaller, more manageable parts
If the person who signs the letter is not the same person who keys or writes the letter, the writers reference initials should be | a.	keyed on one line before the keyboarders initials.
The constructive follow-up section of the negative message may contain another solution to the receivers problem | true
The organization of the indirect plan encourages the receivers acceptance of the negative information | true
The primary objective of an adjustment refusal letter in a retail business situation is to | d.	retain the customers business.
To ensure the entire message is read or heard, you must maintain the receivers interest after gaining his or her attention | true
Any method that gets the receivers attention may be used when preparing persuasive messages. | false
Details of a persuasive message should intensify the receivers interest and create desire for action. | true
Testimonials are not an appropriate technique to attract the receivers attention in a sales message | false
When preparing a List of Illustrations, a writer may either list the visual aids in sequence or group them by type | true
From a writers viewpoint, proposals are  | b.	opportunities
After a telephone conversation has concluded, the receiver should hang up first to show he or she values the callers time. | false
Unless it threatens a groups ability to work as a team, conflict should be viewed as natural and healthy | true
The primary feature of a web conference is screen sharing that allows conference participants to see whatever is on the presenters screen. | true
Which of the following is a guideline for effective listening?  | b.	Determine the messages purpose.
A speaker having too much confidence may be seen as a know-it-all. | true
Standing behind a lectern with your hands on the edge of the table top area is a gesture that supports and strengthens an oral message | false
Storytelling  | a.	can be used to communicate an organizations goals and values
The term troublesome ts refers to  | c.	the causes of muffled, mumbled speech sounds
The volume level of your voice should be determined by your  | a.	audiences need to hear.
If you have little paid work experience, include volunteer jobs and internships on your rsum | true
You must learn the keywords that are used in the field for which you are applying so you have a better chance of scoring hits.   | true
You can use a one size fits all rsum for your job search | false
Your rsum will be a potential employers first (and possibly last) impression of you.  | true
Keywords are generally verbs that label you; it is best to have approximately 20-25 keywords for a scannable rsum. | false
Military service is included under the Experience category on a rsum | true
Managers usually prefer the combination format for a rsum because it showcases the applicants strengths. | false
An applicant tracking computer system in the human resources department  | d.	scans a rsum and places it in an electronic folder
Which of the following statements about the Experience section of the rsum is most accurate | Most decisions to interview or not to interview are based on the content in this section of the rsum
Include high school data on your rsum | c.	to account for all the time on a chronological rsum.
The primary purpose of a rsum is to	 | obtain a job interview
Which of the following part of an Education section in a rsum is the most important | Achievements
Use your rsum and reference list as a resource when filling out an employment application | true
What would be the best response to an unacceptable interview question about your religion? | d.	Smile and say, Two topics I learned to keep out of a conversation are politics and religion.  My religion wont interfere with my job. 
Once established, an organizations culture is static | false
Cultural barriers that may prohibit effective multicultural communication include | Discrimination and harrassment, language, cultural relativism, and ethnocentrism
What law protects the right of all creditworthy customers to have equal access to credit | Equal Credit Opportunity Act
Which of the following is NOT true of a message written using the indirect plan | This organizational plan is used for good news messages
Which of the following is a disadvantage of instant messaging | Messages are maintained on servers controlled by the provider
The return address in a personal business letter consists of a writers name, the writers mailing address, and the date | false
Which of the following salutations works best in a letter to the attention of Pamela Ryan, a customer service representative at Erickson Plumbing Supply Company | Dear Customer Service Representative
To maintain an honest reputation, you should mention your products weaknesses to the customer | false
What are the motivational factors that should be considered when planning a persuasive message | Goals, values, and needs
The moderator of a focus group may deviate from the list of pre-planned discussion questions if the group members dont provide the desired responses | false
Which of the following statements is NOT true of visual aids in business reports? | Place the number and title above a figure if you are using APA style
Which of the following graphs does not begin with zero at the bottom, extreme left | Positive-negative bar graph
Never admit youve forgotten someones name; the conversation will help you remember who the person is | false
Which of the following would NOT be a safe topic at a social event before an American Marketing Association meeting | A local politician who was forced out of office for taking bribes
Carl and Gayle have a weekly meeting to discuss staffing in the four restaurants they own. Bob always starts the meeting by telling Gayle a joke. Today, though, there was no joke--just a negative comment about the weather. Gayles awareness of the change in Carls behavior is called | benchmarking
Cues to meaning come from all BUT one of the following | Arrangement of the room in which the message is delivered
Which of the following is NOT a result of effective listening | Understanding
The combination resume would be best for which of the following individuals | An individual who has just graduated and has limited experience other than internships and/or part-time work while in school
Nutrient uptake by plants acidifies soils because roots ________. | Adsorb basic cations and desorb hydrogen
T/F: Humus has a much higher cation adsorption capacity at pH 5.5 than at pH 8.0 | False
Which of the following is not a factor affecting CEC? | Soil structure
During the reaction whereby limestone changes the pH of a soil, what is the fate of the acid H+ that makes it unable to affect soil acidity? | It becomes part of the water molecule
T/F: A 2:1 type silicate clay has one octahedral sheet sandwiched between two tetrahedral sheets | True
The swelling/shrinking tendency of some silicate clay minerals is due primarily to ________. | The movement of water molecules in and out of the interlayers of the crystal
What are the three essential Primary Macronutrients for plants? | Nitrogen, Phosphorus, Potassium
T/F: The high cation adsorption capacity of a 2:1 clay is due primarily to the substitution of silicon atoms for aluminum in the tetrahedral sheet. | False
The octahedron building of a clay crystal contains _______ atoms. | 1 silicon and 6 oxygen
T/F: The amount of residual acidity is much smaller than the active acidity. | False
Before plants can absorb nitrate-nitrogen that originated from residue of a previous crop, the following processes must have occurred: | Mineralization, nitrification
Which of the following materials would work as liming materials? | MgCO3
CaCO3
CaO
T/F: Soil phosphorus is associated with eutrophication of lakes. | True
Which of these essential elements is it most likely to be toxic to plants in a soil at pH 4.0? | Manganese
Which of these processes represent a loss of nitrogen from the soil? | Ammonia Volatilization
T/F: Nitrogen use efficiency is consistent among all plants and averages about 95%. | False
An example of isomorphic substitution would be the substitution of _______ for _______. | Aluminum for silicon
The process of ________ releases plant-available nitrogen as the result of the breakdown of nitrogen-rich organic. | Mineralization
A pure clay crystal of kaolinite contains one octahedral layer and one tetrahedral layer. Which of these descriptions best describes the individual octahedrons that form the octahedral layer: | 1 aluminum and 6 oxygens
Soils having experienced a high degree of leaching would probably also be ________. | Acidic
Limestone, the most common material used to reduce soil acidity, has the formula ________. | CaCO3
T/F: In order for nitrate to form from soil organic matter, Nitrosomonas and Nitrobacter must both be present in the soil | True
Which is larger, exchangeable acidity or active acidity? | Exchangeable acidity
T/F: Ammonia volatilization is a process by which much needed nitrogen is added to the pool or plant-available nitrogen in soils. | False
If soil pH was observed to gradually increase and then gradually decrease over a 4-6 year period, what chemical had probably been added to the soil at the start of this period: | Calcium carbonate
The finer a sample of limestone, the quicker it will change the _____ of the soil to which it is applied. | pH
T/F: The leaf-like structure of silicate clays involves two kinds of horizontal sheets, one dominated by a plane of silicon atoms, the other by a plane of aluminum and/or magnesium | True
T/F: A tetrahedral sheet is characterized by a plane of aluminum atoms surrounded by oxygen and hydroxyl groups | False
Humus is an important soil colloid. It differs from 2:1 type minerals in all but one of the following characteristics: | Capable of adsorbing cations
T/F: The primary source of charge for 2:1 type clay minerals is ionization of the surface hydroxyl groups on the tetrahedral sheets | False
T/F: In most soils of the arid regions of Nevada, smectite is more prominent than in most soils in warm, humid Georgia. | True
The very high pH levels found in some arid region soils are most likely due to high levels of exchangeable ________. | Na+
The electronegative charge on 2:1 type silicate clays is due primarily to ________. | Substitution of one metallic atom for another in the crystal structure of the clay
T/F: The CEC of a soil is determined primarily by the amount and kind of colloids in the soil and by the pH | True
The exchange complexes of strongly acid (pH 4.5) mineral soils are saturated mainly with _______. | Exchangeable Al3+ ions
If you were seeking a soil colloid with a high capacity to adsorb cationic pollutants, but also with a consistent capacity to do so even as the pH varied from 4.0 to 7.5, which of the following would you choose? | Montmorillonite
T/F: While kaolinite particles are larger than those of other major silicate clays, the surface area of kaolinite per kilogram is much smaller than that of the 2:1 type minerals. | True
T/F: Vermiculite and associated silicate clays have a net electropositive charge in slightly acid soils. | False
The negative charges associated with smectite clay crystals are due mostly to ________. | Isomorphous substitution of Mg for Al in the octahedral sheet
T/F: The order of strength of adsorption of ions by most colloids when they are present in equivalent quantities is Al>Ca>K>Mg>Na. | False
Among the soils of which order would you most likely find the highest buffering capacities? | Vertisols
An acid soil is known to contain toxic quantities of a certain plant nutrient. Which of these essential elements is it most likely to be? | Manganese
T/F: Iron and manganese are commonly deficient in very acid soils. | False
Available phosphorus levels are constrained in alkaline and salt-affected soils because of ________. | High calcium and magnesium levels
T/F: The higher the cation exchange capacity of a soil, the greater is its buffer capacity. | True
T/F: The amount of exchangeable acidity is much smaller than the residual acidity. | True
Which of the following human actions is most apt to result in a long term decrease in soil pH? | Application of NH4- containing fertilizers, emission of gases from automobiles, application of unlimed sewage sludge, and application of farm manure
Sodic soils generally have a poor physical condition. To what is this most likely due? | Dispersal of the Na saturated soil colloids
As biotite weathers in soils, which of the following would not likely develop by mere alteration of this mineral? | Kaolinite
If you were looking for a soil with high cation exchange capacity and were not concerned with the soil's physical properties, which of the following would most likely fit your needs? | Vertisol
T/F: The leaf-like structure of silicate clays involves two kinds of horizontal sheets, one dominated by a plane of silicon atoms, the other by a plane of aluminum and/or magnesium. | True
T/F: If you want to grow azaleas in a soil that initially has a pH of 6.5 and have been told that you should apply sulfur to reduce the soil pH, you would likely need more sulfur if the soil is a clay Vertisol than if it is an clay Ultisol. | True
T/F: If you wanted to quickly increase the pH of a soil to 7.5 to combat a disease in cabbages you are about to plant you should use hydrated lime rather than ground limestone. | True
T/F: Active soil acidity is a measure of the H+ ion activity in the soil solution. | True
T/F: Soil colloids are too small to be seen with an ordinary light microscope. | True
T/F: Of the silicate clays, smectite has the least tendency to expand upon wetting and shrink upon drying. | True
T/F: Soil reaction indicates the degree of acidity or alkalinity in a soil. | True
T/F: Even at pH values near 7.0 some colloids such as iron and aluminum oxides have negative surface charges less than 10 cmolc/kg. | True
T/F: Isomorphous substitution involves the substitution of a tetrahedral sheet for an octahedral sheet. | False
T/F: Nitrogen fertilization is a significant cause of acidity in many cultivated soils. | True
T/F: Iron and aluminum hydrous oxides are characteristic of soils that are highly weathered chemically. | True
T/F: The amount of limestone required to increase the pH from 5 to 7 would likely be higher for an Oxisol than for an Alfisol. | False
The drainage of certain wetlands has resulted in extreme soil acidity. This is due primarily to which of the following processes that take place when the soil is drained? | Oxidation of sulfur-bearing minerals that produces sulfuric acid
Under which of the following conditions would you favor a finely ground dolomitic limestone as your choice of a liming material? | Need to provide magnesium in addition to calcium
T/F: The cation exchange capacity of humus increases if pH increases. | True
How does the amount of lime needed to neutralize the residual acidity in a clay loam soil compare to that needed to neutralize the active acidity in that soil? | Residual requires 5,000 times greater
You are working with a soil colloid known to have a reasonably high potassium level, a cation exchange capacity of about 20 cmolc/kg of clay and little tendency to swell when wetted. Which of the following is it most apt to be the dominant clay mineral in this soil? | Fine-grained mica
Soils rich in which type of clay would provide the most troublesome site on which to build a home? | Smectite
Which cation would you expect to be mostly tightly held in a soil at pH 4.5? | Al3+
T/F: A 2:1 type silicate clay has one octahedral sheet sandwiched between two tetrahedral sheets. | True
T/F: The high cation adsorption capacity of vermiculite is due primarily to the substitution of silicon atoms for aluminum in the tetrahedral sheet. | False
A homeowner in New Mexico attempted to grow azaleas in a well drained soil (pH 7.5) but the plants were stunted and the leaves were yellow. What is the most likely cause of this constraint? | Fe deficiency
T/F: Residual soil acidity is that acidity remaining in the soil after limestone has been applied. | False
Some soil colloids exhibit positive charges under highly acid conditions. To what are these charges likely due? | Protonation of some hydroxyl groups by excess H+ ions
Which of the following silicate clays would be least apt to be formed from the mere alteration of primary minerals? | Iron or aluminum oxides
A well drained soil under a rain forest in Brazil contains significant amounts of a silicate clay. Which of the following is it most apt to be? | Kaolinite
T/F: Kaolinite is most prevalent in soils developed from volcanic ejecta (Andisols). | False
In the early stages of plant nitrogen deficiency, the most obvious symptoms are ________. | Yellowish colors in the oldest leaves
T/F: Soil test interpretations have been developed so that for most fields testing "high" in a nutrient, addition of that nutrient will not increase yield enough to more than pay for the cost of applying the nutrient. | True
The sulfur dioxide in the atmosphere ________. | Comes from fires such as fossil fuel burning, volcanoes and forest fires, can be an important source of sulfur nutrition for plants, and is a major contributor to "acid rain"
T/F: Applying heavy dressings of N fertilizer will tend to produce sugary-sweet fruits and vegetables. | False
In order for nitrate to form from soil organic matter, ________ must be present in the soil | Nitrosomonas and Nitrobacters
T/F: Forests in decline because of acid deposition can often be brought back to high productivity with just a few applications of nitrogen fertilizer. | False
T/F: The forestry industry uses fertilizers most often to treat old growth stands that will produce valuable lumber. | False
Ammonium fixation would be expected to be greatest in soils containing a lot of ________. | Vermiculite
T/F: On the average, agricultural soils in the US are currently being depleted of their nitrogen supply. | False
T/F: Most synthetic chemical fertilizers are inorganic salts. | True
T/F: Routine soil testing on a regular basis allows landowners to monitor most changes in soil quality. | False
T/F: The terms "ammonium fixation" and "biological nitrogen fixation" refer to the same soil process. | False
Mycorrhizae improve the nutrition of many plants by ________. | Transporting phosphorus through the soil to the plant root
Loss of P to groundwater is likely to be most significant for which type of soil? | Cultivated organic peat soils
Which of the following micronutrients is least commonly found to be deficient in plants? | Chlorine
T/F: Ammonia volatilization is a process by which much needed nitrogen is added to the pool of plant-available nitrogen in soils. | False
The total phosphorus lost from various watersheds is most closely correlated with ________. | High soil erosion
T/F: The primary means to avoid non-point source nitrogen and phosphorus pollution in agricultural watersheds is to avoid applications that bring the available supply of these nutrients in soils to amounts higher that can be used by crop plants. | True
Compared to land that is not disturbed by tillage, conventionally plowed cropland usually loses much more ________. | Total P and particulate P
Which micronutrient element is found in the greatest quantity in most soils? | Fe
A cover crop is usually grown for the purpose of ________. | Improving soil physical properties and saving or recycling nutrients
Applied to agricultural crops, the term lodging refers to ________. | Plants falling over, often as a result of too much N
T/F: The natural microbial oxidation of nitrogen released by organic matter mineralization is a major source of soil acidity. | True
Plants obtain nitrogen from the soil by taking up ________. | Soluble anions, soluble organic compounds, and soluble cations
Modern nutrient management is designed to ________. | Cost-effectively produce quality plants, conserve nutrient resources, protect or improve environmental quality, and protect or improve soil quality
T/F: Buffer strips are usually a last-resort mechanism of pollution control because of their expense and unfavorable side-effects. | False
In most soils, mineralization of soil organic matter is an important source of plant available ________. | Phosphorus
If a manager can afford only a limited amount of soluble P fertilizer for a calcareous soil with low phosphorus availability, the best plant growth is likely to be obtained if the P fertilizer is applied ________. | In narrow bands or localized concentrations
Which of the following nutrient elements is usually present in the soil solution as a simple cation? | Zn
Fertilization to supply the nutrient element sulfur is often accomplished by which type of application? | Broadcast of the nearly pure element as a solid
T/F: For most soils, even if they test "high" in a nutrient such as potassium or nitrogen, it is necessary to apply at least as much of each nutrient as is removed in the harvest, if the soil is not to eventually become infertile and unproductive. | False
The process of ________ releases soluble nitrogen as the result of the breakdown of nitrogen-rich organic compounds. | Mineralization
T/F: Broadcast application usually requires less fertilizer to achieve a given level of plant response than does banding. | False
The principal form of sulfur taken up by plants is ________. | Sulfate
Fertilization to supply the nutrient element potassium is often accomplished by which type of application? | Broadcast of a chloride salt
The nutrient element magnesium is often supplied by which type of application? | Incorporation of powdered limestone rock
T/F: Soil test interpretations have been developed so that for most fields testing "low" in a nutrient, addition of that nutrient will increase yield enough to more than pay for the cost of applying the fertilizer. | True
In recent years, a soil test for nitrogen has been developed and widely used in humid regions in predicting how much nitrogen will need to be applied to supplement natural mineralization in the soil. This test is called the ________. | Pre-sidedress nitrate test (PSNT)
In acid soils the principal chemical form of potassium available for plant uptake is ________. | K+
The nutrient most often limiting the growth of aquatic plants and algae in unpolluted fresh water lakes is ________. | P
Fertilization to supply the nutrient element nitrogen is often accomplished by which type of application? | Injection of a gas into the soil
Within the technical capabilities of the particular lab, most soil test results can be best interpreted as indicating the ________. | Probability that nutrient application will improve plant growth
Perforation placement is usually used to fertilize ________. | Landscape trees
The great majority of nitrogen (95 to 98%) in soils can be found in the form of ________. | Organic compounds
To be practical, a nitrification inhibitor should kill or inhibit ________. | Nitrosomonas
T/F: About half the nitrogen in the A horizon of most soils becomes available to plants over the course of a whole year in a warm, humid climate. | False
T/F: Unlike Rhizobium bacteria, Bradyrhizobium bacteria are effective at fixing N, regardless of the type of plants present. | False
T/F: To enable the most consistent and appropriate interpretations, all soil samples submitted to a particular soil test lab should be taken from the same soil depth, regardless of differences in the type of tillage used or plants grown. | False
Because of ________, soils developed in marine marshes can become extremely acid if drained for agriculture or used as topsoil. | Oxidation of sulfides
In acid soils the principal chemical form of phosphorus available for plant uptake is ________. | H2PO4-